Hans-Peter Martin (NI).
I also say here: the figures presented by the Commission, with a doubling of the outsourcing of funds and specific projects, are, on the one hand, very questionable, because the question has to be asked: where do the payments actually come from?
It may in any case be seen as an urgently needed and sustainable "investment in the future".
It is quite understandable that, for example, alcopops should be labelled.
We cannot congratulate ourselves on this.
It was never a question of scientific aspects, it was always a political decision.
Research funding must continue to be used here.
So my question was pointed to the point: what exactly will be different?
It is not the case that the European Union has suddenly discovered its love for the production of such equipment.
The Hungarian Presidency has been very successful in considering the challenges.
Of course, there have been discussions.
The Commission's original legislative proposal also left it unclear whether it is compatible with WTO rules and whether coexistence can be ruled out.
A trade repository and a central clearing house will be the first steps to ensure transparency.
To date, despite years of promises, EU policies have too often focused on large companies and multinationals.
The question is: is there still a chance for a Security Council resolution or not?
In my opinion, Schengen is one of the achievements that our citizens really appreciate.
After two years, we finally have the cris committee report before us, and I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Berès, and the chairman of the committee, Klinz, for the work.
Yes, we have an imbalance between competition and social policy, between the internal market and tax policy, between the euro area and economic policy.
Thank you to the rapporteur, Renate Sommer, for the excellent work she has done over the last four years.
Since the existence of these common policies as an independent pillar under the umbrella of the European Community, all parliamentary control has been exercised.
There is a clear imbalance here!
I would like to support mr Verhofstadt's intervention on behalf of my group.
Martin Ehrenhauser (NI).
And they earn less on average than men.
This was a prerequisite for a sector-specific approach.
In addition, there are also corresponding offers at national and regional level.
It happens that people are subject to discrimination on the basis of their age in companies just before retirement age.
That is why I voted against the motion for a resolution.
After all, it only stands for many others who are very similar.
We want transparent measures, we do not want distortions of competition, nor do we want to discriminate against new players in particular in this area, we want to ensure that those who use spectrum today in the television and broadcasting sector can continue to play their role.
Education must also be carried out at a young age at school and the natural urge to exercise and healthy eating must be encouraged.
It is true that, at the moment, Europe is the number one destination in the world, and of course we want to stay that way.
President Barroso has just pointed out to Greece that EUR 15 billion out of 20 billion has not been spent, and Commissioner Hahn has also been on the ground now.
(Applause)
If we have the recognition of Palestine as a peaceful state and a state of Israel within secure borders, then that is a cause for joy for the Palestinians, for the Israelis and for us here in Europe, which we could play a constructive role in doing so, also thanks to your work.
It is your very own competence that we are discussing here.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
35 000 deaths, serious injuries and economic damage of EUR 130 billion per year.
Both conventional tourism and new formers are addressed and adequately assessed
As a young father, I know for myself that no child wants to drive backwards on the back bench at the age of two or three.
However, such a visit must not be compulsory for road users.
I believe that, in the increasing need to act in the debt crisis, we are again doing things that lead to even greater injustice.
As far as sustainability, intergenerational justice and cooperation in financial and economic policy are concerned, it is to be welcomed.
We let the "markets" dictate action - without understanding that these are only sham giants whose power is borrowed from us: borrowed from legislators who do not seriously and intrepidly comply with their damning duty to regulate money and finance sensibly by enacting appropriate legal systems.
Bernd Posselt (PPE), in writing.
If we want to live up to what we said this morning, the Renaissance, the belief in the European Union, then there must be no hesitation here.
I want to round it off: this sustainability needs a commitment from the local to the global level.
The motion for a resolution takes into account the situation of both sides in the context of a two-state solution: it recognises Israel's legitimate security concerns, but also the need for a viable Palestinian state.
In this respect, all the Commission's proposals to speed up the procedure must be fully supported.
Thank you, Commissioner, for the presentation.
We need both.
However, we are prepared to do so because we want a Stability Union for Europe, and in this Stability Union solidarity is a two-way road.
If Ukraine continues its course and leaves the values and principles of a common Europe to the left, then this will not help to bring both parties closer together.
This is the only way public procurement can stimulate sustainable development and innovation.
Paul Rübig (PPE).
That is why I would like to thank Mrs Alfano once again for the report on organised crime.
See if it is true that ArcelorMittal still receives the full amount of CO2 allowances at the plants in Schifflange and Rodange, which have been temporarily closed, and on the one billion they already hoard on CO2 certificates.
At this point, we really need to consider how to eliminate such carry-on effects and how we can put a stop to this.
As early as 2010, there was a discussion going across the political groups, in which some of them were also warned about the pressures in times of crisis.
I have listened to a large part of the debate today and I must express my astonishment on a number of points.
I shall begin with my report.
This is a very positive situation.
However, i think it is questionable whether we have to revise the EU procurement rules shortly after the entry into force.
In the meantime, we know that this weapon is no longer effective in many areas because we – animals and humans – are resistant.
The fact that children's rights exist is one thing whose implementation is different.
Galileo is also a symbol of the added value that the Member States have through the Union.
The report calls for an increase of 5.2 percent, bringing the EU budget to EUR 133.1 billion next year.
The self-sacrifices must not have been in vain!
She has been accused of destabilising the state.
My second point concerns the recapitalisation that banks need.
I believe that it can be agreed very quickly that this is a process in which one cannot place particular trust.
Antibiotics are antimicrobials that only work against bacteria, which is why they have played an important role in improving public health, since the use of these agents has reduced the number of deaths from diseases and infections that were previously incurable or fatal.
With this law, we are on the right track to ensure the protection of the youngest of our society.
However, the high cost of rail infrastructure compared to other modes of transport is one of the main obstacles to combined transport.
In this respect, european treaties could also be enforced!
Helmut Scholz (GUE/NGL).
Europe will definitely be different after this crisis, the only question is: which one?
Many of us are very, very sceptical about whether this is the way forward.
We are talking about growth, stability and credibility.
This is very important if we are to succeed in the long run.
Coal is considered to be the most climate-damaging fossil energy.
Heinz K. Becker (PPE).
Franz Obermayr (NI).
It is therefore necessary to use the operational programmes in question.
Thomas Ulmer (PPE), in writing.
It has long been incomprehensible to me why the Council has hesitated on this issue for so long in the negotiations.
If, in turn, taxpayers, and therefore all, have to bear the risk, we also have the political right and even the responsibility to intervene in a regulatory manner.
The report focuses on research and the fight against animal diseases.
Herbert Reul, author.
I believe that we need moderate treaty changes.
This may be parliamentary, but it is not sensible and wise!
The exchange of information is significantly accelerated by global networking.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Peter Jahr (PPE).
This is a literal quote from Angela Merkel.
We hope that tomorrow we will all be able to express a clear yes, a warm welcome to Croatia and give each other new impetus to meet the challenges of the European Union together.
Particular attention should be paid to small and medium-sized enterprises.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Especially since both parties interpret the agreement in such a way that the fish-rich waters of occupied Western Sahara are calculated, which are now threatened with overfishing.
Bernd Posselt (PPE).
The next summit must take them up.
For this, we only need britain's approval at some point.
This can be achieved through various measures: quotas, fishing bans or technical measures.
What is also positive is the retention of the double designation, which distinguishes the juices squeezed from fresh fruit and the fruit juices from concentrates.
There are also operations where confidentiality is justified.
So that would be an instrument that we could put together very quickly and which also means that what we are saying here is not only theory, but will also be measured in practice tomorrow.
Traffic is still a burden for some, an evil that unfortunately consumes resources and produces noise and environmental damage.
(The sitting was closed at 4.25 p.m.)
Thirdly, the report deals with legal issues relating to the guidelines or Regulation 1/2003, on the basis of which the European Commission issues its fines.
(Applause)
The place of controversy over European policy is here: the European Parliament!
At the presentation of the Sakharov Prize a few weeks ago, a brave young blogger and a heroic Gaddafi opponent touched us with their fascination with the values of Europe.
Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
I have just returned from Japan and have seen the yen, a country's currency in major problems, have experienced a rocket-like, meteoric rise against the euro.
Over three years, he and the committee have worked on this issue.
Sabine Wils, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
Anni PODIMATA: 281 votes
You did not mention this today.
It is different with the consumption date for perishable goods.
In my view, what we absolutely need is strong associations of interests and economic interests for farmers, who can regulate the market here.
We need a pact for sustainable growth and employment.
The Member States are certainly called upon to put pressure on the UN.
It is limited to carrying out on-the-spot monitoring and verification visits.
However, these promotional statements are only permitted if the nutrient content has been reduced by at least 30% compared to other products in the same food category.
In this respect, the energy-saving lamp regulation is likely to have the opposite effect!
I would like to speak, in particular, on the middle priority, on the reform of the guidelines on fines.
Universal access to electricity is the key to global poverty reduction.
To counter this, the Commission has decided to introduce an EU-wide annual tax report.
First of all, I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs for their constructive cooperation.
I do not want a hectic start-up of companies with half of them left behind.
The Member States that have entered the euro have been given the sweet poison of low interest rates for ten years and have pursued a spending policy that they are no longer able to master today.
I would just like to point out that the last Italian government bond, before Italy entered the euro, paid 10%.
Against this background, therefore, the first European radio spectrum programme that we will adopt tomorrow has a special role to play.
But if we draw up multiannual plans – for example, for cod in the Baltic Sea – and the Commission and its officials then say again, then you must provide for additional controls so that even small, open boats that do not have a rowing house keep a logbook...
The EU's common fisheries policy is based on free and equal access to fish stocks in EU waters, international waters and waters of third countries with which the EU has treaties.
This is the situation in Yemen, where serious human rights violations, even war crimes, must really be dealt with.
At the end of the debate, a motion for a resolution was tabled in accordance with Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure(1).
To their money!
The Spring European Council is traditionally devoted to the discussion of the European Union's economic and employment policy, recently linked to the so-called European Semester.
I am sorry, but blue cards to the institutions are not provided for in our Rules of Procedure.
This is an important building block for the creation of a flexible and coordinated European spectrum policy, where new services can provide new opportunities and, above all, growth for a market of 500 million consumers.
We must therefore ensure that small milk producers are taken into account in the forthcoming reform of the common agricultural policy.
Now, however, it is also apparent that any newly created job, which has been awarded only as part-time work or for small-scale work, is not a full-fledged new job.
(The sitting was closed at 4.30 p.m.)
The version of the report gives only half-hearted guidelines, although these are, of course, better than nothing.
I find it particularly frightening that only 5% of all books appear in a barrier-free format.
Therefore, support for the people: yes, support for democracy: yes, but at the same time support for minorities and a peaceful course with the neighbours, not least with Israel.
The following amendments have been requested to this draft:
It is important to actively promote women.
Kurt leaves this committee and this Parliament a genuine farewell gift, a very important, important, political and also legally very valuable farewell gift, and I believe that this should also be said at this point, here in this debate, because he has chosen to resign his mandate at the end of this week and then, unfortunately, I regret this once again, leaving us.
With the report, we are trying to promote the cooperatives of the social economy, to breathe life into them, and not to those who can already be profit-oriented anyway.
European citizens do not want hormone meat and European exporters do not want trade barriers.
Acute situations require quick action.
Do you accept the idea of Mr Swoboda and the Socialist Group, which is: yes, all young people must have a perspective, we are now taking care of it?
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
First and foremost, therefore, qualification, not gender, should be the decisive factor.
Trade disputes do not promote these areas.
It is not possible to impose a general government entity from the outside.
We have concerns in Syria, we have concerns in Egypt and in similar areas, and we know the results from Iraq, for example.
We need to strengthen the reform of the education system and we also need the end of the two schools under one roof.
It is about a competitive European economy, and climate protection is a contribution to Europe's competitiveness in the 21st century.
I would like to say that this includes courage.
This year is a hundred years since royal Serb forces conquered Kosovo in the first Balkan war.
In principle, the EU has strengthened the rights of travellers in recent years.
Bernd Posselt (PPE).
Since health is the most essential asset of our society, it is advisable to ensure that workers are protected, even in jobs exposed to increased radiation.
They must offer their citizens full democratic rights, such as freedom of expression in words and writing, and also on the Internet, in schools and in universities.
In this area, we are setting the course for europe's future energy security!
That is our demand.
This very important point for the European Union should therefore always be taken into account in future discussions.
Finally, this report makes the following clear: the European Union is behind Greece, and that is what private investors can rely on!
I am thinking of air transport, where companies offer their services from so-called home bases in different EU countries.
Practice will show whether this warning shot from Strasbourg is understood.
That cannot be true.
I simply call for transparency and sincerity.
But it is a question of distinguishing the right areas, not of distinguishing as many as possible.
However, withholding the map material is clearly fuelling mistrust as to whether it is desirable at all to make codecision of the European Parliament possible.
Secondly, I think it is very important to significantly strengthen cooperation with Turkey.
I would like to thank Mrs Hohlmeier because she has also highlighted the positive aspects of working out, in the spirit of the 'blue card', how we can integrate migrants sensibly into Europe.
Jan Philipp Albrecht (Verts/ALE), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
Together, we want to live up to our responsibilities, and that also means that we Europeans must act.
Motorists are already being charged excessively.
On the whole, while I consider the underlying approaches to be supportive, the implementation of the motion for a resolution is incomplete, I have therefore abstained.
I would ask you, Commissioner, and also colleagues in the Council, to work to ensure that biodiversity is not discussed afterwards, because then it will be too late.
All in all, this was an important debate and, Commissioner, we are waiting for your draft.
If we had not fought so hard for good prices, we would not be here today, where we will hopefully be from 1 July.
The new roaming charges stop consumers from collecting and finally put an end to unfair pricing.
We want to change that.
Firstly, it is absolutely essential to reduce the tariff ceilings again, since the prices of suppliers have still not fallen far enough and competition is still being prevented.
It is important to address the area of delegations in particular.
Thanks to the work of our rapporteur last year, Georgios Stavrakakis, the EMA now has the most stringent 'conflict of interest' system in the whole of the European Union.
The epp rapporteur concludes that this is not enough and proposes that discharge be postponed, on the grounds that this system must first prove itself.
This damage has long since occurred!
It cannot be that there are public expenditures that are not subject to democratic control!
There are no large farms in my constituency.
The ISS strategy is an essential prerequisite for effective crime prevention and also shows that the European institutions are able to identify key threat potentials and develop strategic options.
That is the right thing to do, and that is exactly what needs to be changed.
For this, there are the anti-discrimination paragraphs in our Treaty, for which there is anti-discrimination legislation, and for that there is the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
I do not believe that it is the Fault of the European Commission that certain things in the development of small and medium-sized enterprises do not proceed as we would all wish.
I myself am extremely sceptical that it will be possible to hold elections in six months' time that meet international standards.
Michael Gahler (PPE).
Matthias Groote (S&D).
We have to think in life cycles – not only regulate what comes out at the rear of the exhaust, but also look at the factory where the car is produced.
That is why it is right that we also see this from the perspective of the competitiveness of our society and our industry.
That is why I am in favour of voting in favour of this proposal today by a large majority.
Damaged oil tankers pose an enormous threat to the marine ecosystem.
I voted in favour of the report because I believe that only agreements of this kind can comply with fishing quotas that benefit both partners.
But when it comes to taxes, it's just too much.
The European Union's macro-financial assistance was introduced in 1990 to provide financial support to third countries with short-term balance of payments difficulties.
The present proposal would eliminate the consultation of the national parliaments and would also lead to a loss of transparency.
I say quite clearly that what happened in the run-up to the Song Contest – the demolition of houses, the expulsion of people from their neighbourhoods, non-compensation, the lack of the rule of law, the beating of protesters, the suppression of freedom of the press, the suppression of religious freedom, the violation of human rights – is unacceptable precisely because Azerbaijan is an important and valuable partner for us.
If a referendum by the right-wing populist Swiss People's Party is currently being held and is being held in Switzerland on the issue of the quota of foreigners, then we are in the middle of a dilemma.
Russia and China, on the other hand, are middle-income countries, and we certainly do not have to worry about their falling out of the GSP.
The fact is that we do not know how Karzai or his successor wants to survive or keep the Taliban at bay.
What did the whole ISAF mission cost, what did it bring?
Thank you, Baroness Ashton, for your incredible endurance, sitting here from 3 p.m. until this evening.
Is there no one in this Europe who says: 'We must show solidarity, we must help make this border safe against illegal refugees'?
That, I think, is the scandal.
I call on you to take your decision back, become European again!
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Not only do subsidies vary greatly in the energy sector, as countries focus on different energy sources – some on environmentally friendly technologies, others on nuclear power – and also in terms of energy infrastructure.
This can only be done through the support and participation of the European Union.
In June 2010, EU leaders finally recognised the need for a more coordinated financial and economic policy for the European Community.
Very well, you have shown courage, you are also confronting Germany with it.
This is where the normal legislative procedure is applied and not, as planned by the Commission, the delegated acts or, as planned by the Council, the implementing acts.
If, however, I do not understand, or only under great difficulty, what is being asked or proposed, then this does not help me any further.
Bernd Posselt, on behalf of the PPE Group.
We already have to provide contract security.
That is why we should leave it.
The second is a separation of network and operator, which we must discuss and in which we have to wait for the Commission's proposal and then see to what extent it is in line with practice.
No one questions the fact that the customs authorities are not suitable for the control of patents.
We should set ourselves clearer objectives here.
Of course, we also set priorities: in 2013, in line with the Digital Agenda for Europe, the ICT Policy Support Programme will be based on greater dissemination and best use of these technologies.
Well, there is certainly one or other detail issue, there will have to be discussion, but I have learned from the compromise negotiations that we have worked very constructively on this beyond the group's borders.
Congratulations, Mr President.
We should put on the table an own-initiative report on each decision with the existing decisions and our demands by the autumn.
It is precisely this second page that, in my view, has been far too short in this report.
Cornelia Ernst (GUE/NGL), question on the blue card procedure.
If we are successful in carrying out the veil investigation, particularly at the borders with the Czech Republic, where one or two drug traffickers are trying not only in a few cases but in many cases to make a transition, Then I think it is a good thing for the German and Czech Interior Ministers to sit down together to solve the problems that exist at the border.
The GROUP of the European People's Party wishes the new President of Egypt, Mohammed Morsi, all the best, and we hope that good cooperation will develop.
But – as you have made clear here today – you want to consciously focus the attention of the rulers on the life situation of the people.
I would have liked to have waited for it, as it could have brought light into the dark.
For the first time, the estimated value of the equivalent genuine products was also reported at more than EUR 1 trillion.
We also have less revenue in the Member States for the transition to a green economy, because emissions trading was also intended to use revenue there.
Michael Theurer (ALDE).
Unfortunately, it is not widely known in society how standards are developed.
In addition, doctors, patients and authorities need to know in good time , i.e. as soon as possible, when and why a medicinal product deemed to be safe until then is withdrawn from the market.
This also threatens the failure of the Schengen system as a whole.
In particular, as far as cross-border education is concerned, it would be necessary to consider how, in particular, young people could be financially supported during their training.
Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
It also means that there is not enough time and strength in the central government offices in Europe to deal with the many pressing foreign policy problems.
These laws are tendentious and deliberately vague in order to open the door to arbitrary justice.
Our one-sided efforts and cooperations, modernizations seem more like a change through bidding.
That was the problem that there were inconsistencies.
With the very rapid agreement reached at first reading, we have now overcome some of the arguments and concerns of some players in the European internal market.
Parliament has been pushing.
It is likely that visible renovation measures on the market place, the renovation of half-timbered houses and paving stones, or more employees in childcare and care for the elderly are more important.
And we have concrete plans in larger European regions on how to develop the networks in the coming years.
What is at stake now is that national regulation provides sufficient incentives and that energy policy provides sufficient planning certainty.
Why?
The majority of Member States have far higher taxes.
Manfred Weber, on behalf of the PPE Group.
You have spoken several times, not today, of a parliamentary coup.
And for the last seven months there has been nothing on the part of the governments of the Member States that will meet us, nothing that will ensure the stability of the systems in the future.
Parliamentary democracy at European level belongs to democracy and is an essential part of it.
This shows that europe can also be built with courage and clear decisions, although certain limits have been drawn.
That is why the european social state model can only be further developed if we now give it birth again in those states where it no longer exists.
Peter Jahr (PPE).
I therefore voted in favour of the report.
Renate Sommer (PPE).
I would like to express my thanks to the rapporteur, because these were really very difficult negotiations, in which we also took different paths at the beginning.
We must now monitor closely whether the directive has succeeded in significantly reducing the number of audiovisual works in the European Union which cannot be used in practice because of legal ambiguity.
It is our moral responsibility to protect these girls and give them a better future.
The European Year therefore offers a great opportunity to bring the European project closer to the citizens and to contribute to the building of a European public.
As part of the objective of a single European transport area, the creation of a single European sky is essential.
We must use the EUR 5.3 million now made available from the European Union to train those affected and thus offer them new perspectives.
Britta Reimers (ALDE), in writing.
Jan Philipp Albrecht, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
Eva Lichtenberger (Verts/ALE).
The new proposal was announced for this year, but we still see that there is no added value for this regulation, partly because there are different implementations in the Member States and because indefinite legal terms open the door to abuse of this regulation.
It is very welcome that the Commission has come to the conclusion that the 2005 directive needs to be amended.
Apart from that, we are calling for a Europe-wide ban on suspected data retention of connection data.
Helmut Scholz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
– the interim report by Reimer Böge and Ivailo Kalfin, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets, in the interest of a positive outcome of the approval procedure for the Multiannual Financial Framework for the years 2014-2020 (COM(2011)0398 – 2011/0177(APP)) (A7-0313/2012) and
It cannot be that we have successes such as Erasmus, with 2.5 million students, and possibly have to be cut there because we want to keep other things in cohesion or agricultural policy.
But not at all costs!
The joint debate is closed.
At this point, I would like once again to ask the Member States to treat each other fairly, because it simply cannot be that the Member States are almost always wearing two jackets.
However, I would like to suggest a few additions.
At this point, however, I would also like to thank the non-governmental organisations.
Member States should be able, in accordance with their structures, to make appropriate adjustments.
But what we definitely don't need are bets that dramatically drive up food and production prices.
In the future, customers will receive a complete list of costs and be informed about the entire range of products.
If we have something to learn from before 2008, it is that financial markets have become independent and no longer generate added value for the real economy, which we have experienced painfully in recent years.
Every year, many migrant workers are killed in this region due to a lack of safety standards.
This provides that in the event of damage in connection with strikes, the law of the place of industrial action must be applied.
Here we come to an essential problem: mutual recognition.
It will also be sent to Parliament and the Council.
But it is not true that we are now acting as if we could ban this, because article 194 of the Treaty does not allow this to happen.
These potentials, these production volumes will decline significantly over the next 15 to 20 years.
It is very clear that Poland would like to do so, and under the Treaties we do not have the responsibility to ban it.
Nevertheless, my question to you is this: if you are again talking about the fact that too little has been done for growth, and if you look at the decades in which Portugal has received billions of euros from net contributors, would you say that they have been fully invested wisely – when I think of parallel motorways – or that there have been many misallocations?
We are in a very dramatic situation in which we collectively know that we need a strong Europe, but more and more citizens are turning away from this Europe of the Council and the Commission for understandable fear – the previous speakers mentioned the reasons – because they do not see themselves represented and because, in fact, they see the European Union more as a banking union than as a democratic Union.
Earlier this week, the UK and Germany did not sign the Memorandum of Understanding for the implementation of a European strategic air transport and participation initiative.
In order to take into account Kazakhstan's vital role in the region, in political, economic and geostrategic terms, both sides want to deepen cooperation.
The salmon, which has its habitat especially in the Gulf of Bothnia and in the middle basin of the Baltic Sea, must of course also be used for its spawning sites.
But I say this quite deliberately: I hope that the Egyptians have a chance to create peace, a peace in this region that so desperately needs peace.
That is what I am writing to Mr Callanan and Mr Farage!
(Applause)
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 149(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
However, this Parliament continues to insist on its demand: we want a clearly visible trend of an improving error rate in the implementation of the EU budget, and we will not accept that.
I would like to say to the Commission that it is nice to say that you accept this and do not.
If this creates a serious political conflict, we are jeopardising the trade relations of polysilicon producers, but also exports from other sectors.
What I do not understand, however, is when we begin to debate here and say things that are not true.
Any form of nationalisation would have made it impossible for workers' rights to be restricted.
I am glad that we have reached the supplementary budget.
Eva Lichtenberger (Verts/ALE), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
The problems in detail that then occupied us the most with this law were essentially three:
Instead, none of this, but you, as the Commission, have the right to decide on noise and what consequences will be drawn from it.
The size and equipment standards of the trucks must be adapted to the load.
After all, the EU is the main investor and the second largest trading partner in Central America and the most important donor of development aid.
A trade agreement between the EU and Colombia and Peru was concluded in 2012.
Freedom of faith must be applied as a universal human right to all faiths.
Now, in the crisis of the European Union, to act as if we could adopt a dominant world-power-like approach against the European Union – I believe that this attitude of the last few months should be a little removed.
Commissioner, I do not think that this is an ambitious agenda, because that is already on the table.
It is a great pleasure for me to welcome you to the European Parliament here in Strasbourg on the occasion of our small ceremony to award the Nobel Peace Prize to the European Union.
(Applause)
(Strong applause)
Although there are some hesitant approaches to financial market regulation, they remain ultimately inconsistent.
Udo Bullmann (S&D).
What, then, is the proposal that the Member States should conclude treaties with European institutions?
I read a speech by Mr Rehn in a major German daily newspaper in which he said: "Yes, we need more flexibility in the Stability and Growth Pact."
Elmar Brok (PPE).
Moreover, the EU itself is not sufficiently democratically legitimised in its construction.
Finally, how can we keep the people of Europe healthy?
If it were possible for every SME to create a job, we would have solved our problem.
And that is why we see that this alone cannot create growth in Europe, but that it is now a matter of ensuring that the measures introduced as laws are applied properly in the end.
I'm sorry.
Again, I would like to thank you for your support.
I would like to point out once again that the citizen is not an incident in the administration's operation, but those for whom the whole thing exists.
Puts it in the trap of too big to fail, in the question of the separation banking system, in the shadow banks, where eur 23 trillion is still at stake every year in the European Union alone, in the redeployment gains, that the debt now lies with the central banks and no longer with the banks and insurance companies.
This cannot be reconciled with the democratic model of Europe, because it loses popular acceptance.
Let us go further in this direction, let us pursue this and do the right thing for the people of Europe!
It is the people who rely on medicines in hospitals for which the money is not available.
However, it also has a control function in the sense that Europe' s industrial location, services in Europe, the real economy in Europe will be strengthened, and not those products that fit better in a casino than in europe's economy.
It comes from the so active lobbyists of the German credit industry with their position paper, which has been presented to us.
And all of a sudden he says i don't want to know about it anymore, I just interpret it differently, I decide how laws are interpreted, I don't care about the Council, I don't care about Parliament, I do what I want.
We must tackle this together.
On behalf of my group, I would also like to thank you for the great openness with which you spoke to us during our visits about the wonderful and long history of your home island.
Nothing has been done to overcome this terrible trace of recent history, namely the division through a genuine border in Cyprus.
It is a real tragedy to lose loved ones through such events.
The triad is right.
I, too, believe that we need to make a very precise distinction between the interim EPO and a proper EPO.
With the Treaty of Lisbon, European energy policy was given an independent legal basis in primary law for the first time.
still the largest shares.
It is clear to me that imports from third countries must be subject to equivalent production, environmental and social standards as for EU products.
There must be uniform rules!
Alexander Alvaro (ALDE).
We must and will abide by legally binding obligations, and we have to finance them.
Alexander Alvaro (ALDE), question about the procedure of the blue card.
This is written in the master book of all those who regard CSR primarily as an advertising medium without a real background and want to abuse it for this purpose.
I think we can be proud that, in long negotiations, we have been able to evaporate this incredible amount of text, behind which so many different, not always compatible ideas are hiding, into 100 compromises.
He does so in his capacity as head of state.
Will the drastic reductions in public spending be stopped as well as, for example, the sale of public property?
Karl-Heinz Florenz, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
I say to you that I would not do so even if Parliament adopted it, because it would be an illegal decision.
The main thing is that the gas arrives cleanly in Lubmin near Greifswald, then we don't care about the environmental hazards in Siberia and the Arctic and the working conditions – out of sight, out of mind!
Our demand must be that we meet a high standard, that we bring high quality.
And anyone who thinks that the country needs a certain amount of support must then honestly define this as a social policy and accommodate it.
If we were to make the mistake of requiring 7% and more EFA, too many areas would have to be taken out of production and, consequently, we would have to import additional food – which would also cause food prices to explode in developing countries.
Helmut Scholz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
The basic structure dates back to a time when Parliament had only a consultative role.
I would like to mention one more point: we proposed 2015 as the European Year of Integration, and tomorrow we will change that to 2016 with an oral amendment.
During a trip by the delegation for relations with the Mashreq countries, I was able to see on the ground the dramatic humanitarian situation in Lebanon, particularly in the camps, where only about 300 000 refugees are registered.
Otherwise, we run the risk that this fund will not be able to fulfil its task.
Then we can prepare and follow them up, and there will be no travelling circus of councils, media and parliamentarians.
The EU's payments to farms are a vital source of income.
That is why the Silvia Costa report is now on the table.
That is true.
And then we get to work, and then we have to convince the third countries.
However, the success of certificate trading remains questionable, even if all fraud and tricks are eliminated.
The Commission is now making a statement saying that it wants to look at the Member States' fingers, but the Member States should at last be so fair to tie up the money from emissions trading.
The question now is whether we have to sue you specifically in Luxembourg for the answers, or whether you might be able to get through to at least answer these questions and put the answers on the homepage.
In the field of translation, for example, some EUR 29 million has been saved.
That is why we have deliberately chosen the instrument of an interim report, and I very much regret that there is yawning emptiness on the Council side, because this resolution is not addressed to the Commission, but to the Council.
This is a great success for Europe!
Climate protection is a very important matter.
More competition is simply the wrong approach.
For this reason, the German SPD group voted against the Zasada report.
In this case, as so often happens, the devil is in the detail.
this is especially true when the EU interferes too much in domestic affairs.
With all due respect for your leadership, I would like to mention a few points that seem a little strange to me: first of all, i do not understand your mix of Members in relation to 4:1.
I recommend you to ...
I believe that the opening of five to six negotiating chapters – one amendment calls for another – is totally inappropriate in view of the situation in Turkey and also in view of Turkey's attitude towards the European Union.
That is the case.
That is why we are clearly protesting against any form of suppression of freedom of religion and expression!
But an unbalanced, one-sided indictment of our Kazakh partners, often based on unsafe sources, is not helpful either to Kazakhstan or to ourselves.
On 8 April 2013, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych signed a new law facilitating the entry of EU citizens into Ukraine.
We continue to strongly support Croatia's early membership of the EU.
Anyone who accepts other countries in such a situation acts irresponsibly and puts Europe as a whole at risk.
80% of the Austrian population is stable against Turkey's accession.
The following amendments have been requested to this draft:
And then it is a question of making the whole thing cost-effective, that is to say, making a contribution through wise development, that electricity remains affordable and therefore does not cause social dislocation, and that electricity remains affordable for industrial jobs and that there is no need for industrial relocation to other regions of the world.
We have best practice, very high operational standards, which must be respected by all companies, and we also have a duty for Member States that are not themselves residents to ensure that, if they have companies operating outside Europe, these companies also apply the relevant requirements outside the territory.
I believe that this will enable Europe to draw the necessary conclusions from numerous accidents in recent years and decades.
All in all, I would like to say to my colleague that it is a very balanced and very objective report.
All of this is happening in an economic situation in which we are experiencing an economic decline in many countries, which often also affects the industrial sectors.
It is a barely acceptable concentration of power that is being packed here on the ECB.
However, as you have put it, Commissioner, and those who are responsible for it, you run the enormous risk that the ECB, in its public perception, will become a successor to what the Versailles Treaties used to stand for in Germany, and that, at the moment when the ECB is acting out of its power, the outcry will come: this is not necessary for our bank, and it is my contribution.
That everything is not regulated at all and that 10% has been made technocratic so far.
We must note that the scope of this single supervisor is, of course, very limited, namely to only 135 to about 150 institutions.
– the oral question to the Commission on the implementation of the Stockholm programme and the area of freedom, security and justice by Klaus-Heiner Lehne, on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs, by Juan Fernando López Aguilar, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, and by Carlo Casini, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs (2013/2617(RSP)) (O-000047/2013–B7-07-07)
(The President cut off the speaker))
Austria has foundation rules that invite the rich to tax evasion under Austrian law.
Sven Giegold (Verts/ALE).
Consequently, the EU should leave responsibility to the countries here.
The EU industrial sector has weakened over the last 50 years (current share 16%), and the development of regional strategies for former industrial areas is necessary.
I believe that we should learn from the way we have conducted negotiations in the past.
However, if we negotiate something, it is also necessary to include the question of investors' social responsibility, i.e. to integrate CSR.
What can we do with Sixpack, with Twopack and with everything there is?
Ulrike Lunacek (Verts/ALE).
The issue of banking supervision has been very controversial not only in the European Parliament but also in the Member States.
The question of the inclusion of ISDS should be assessed in any international investment protection agreement, depending on the respective framework conditions.
Josef Weidenholzer (S&D), in writing.
but also when it comes to the protection of the settlement area, the protection of man from natural disasters and the forces of nature, which are certainly more pronounced on the mountain than in the plain.
Eva Lichtenberger (Verts/ALE), question about the procedure of the "blue card".
Mr Claeys, I had, of course, just asked if there were any comments on Wednesday.
The debate is closed.
But I can't say that out loud now.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
This means a significant improvement in legal certainty and a fairly equal level of regulation.
But I do not want to hide the fact that I am relatively sceptical that these regulations that we have adopted really solve the problem of corruption in the world.
Britta Reimers, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
They would get these shares from Germany for their plates.
It will be decided in the next few days and weeks which direction Mr Erdoğan will take with his AKP.
Hannes Swoboda (S&D), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
Mali is a rich country.
It's not that surprising.
The states are bankrupt.
On the contrary, there is a need for very differentiated approaches, since the respective conditions vary from member state to member state.
We voted in a completely different way and, as you know, trialogue negotiations are currently under way.
This includes, of course, consistent action against illegal fishing.
This is about poverty reduction and development cooperation.
On the other hand, it is of course important to say that data protection is also important and that, in the case of electronic mail, it may be necessary to consider EU-wide safety standards.
That is why I very much welcome the report on the broader transatlantic partnership.
Bernd Posselt (PPE).
But one thing is clear: Member States are now complaining that this External Action Service is too expensive.
(Heckling)
What is also new about this directive is the fact that measurement methods have been changed, which also focus in particular on biota.
Woman
The safety of water and the health of our ecosystems is central to the European Union and must undoubtedly be a priority.
The bioeconomy is a suitable method for optimising the production cycle and reducing greenhouse gases at the same time.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
They depend on the tolerance of right-wing radicals.
I do not want to talk about the tens of thousands of volunteer firefighters who were on duty day and night.
We also need this determination from the heads of government of the 11 Member States!
We must continue to allow this to happen!
Nevertheless, the separation of banking activities in the US (Volcker) and the UK (Vickers) is considered sensible.
In reality, it is a global eavesdropping attack.
Mr Provera, I have a question for you.
That is why I strongly support the proposal that, in the future, political parties should declare before the elections who their candidate is for president of the Commission, and that afterwards only people will be elected and will be elected by the European Parliament in the light of the results of the elections, who were also previously candidates on the ballot papers.
The next item on the agenda is the debate on the Statements by the Council and the Commission on the programme of activities of the Lithuanian Presidency (2012/2800(RSP)).
There are also identified gaps in alerting, risk assessment and crisis management.
That is my first question.
Today, important socio-political choices must be set in motion so that we do not get the normative power of the de facto.
Both are, however, undisputedly able to become door guards who decide which content is or will be found in the public domain and which are not.
Sales of € 16 billion and the creation of an additional 4.4 million jobs worldwide are expected by 2016.
Then living together can also be successful.
I see Mrs Trautmann, who has worked hard on how we can simplify roaming.
But it is a bit strange to set the deadline at 4 p.m. when we have the group meeting at 4 p.m.
That would be more democratic, because I would like to discuss with the group how things should go.
And by the way, ILUC is already being used by such green militants as California and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and the Brazilian government is also introducing ILUC factors.
And we need ILUC, because otherwise a banker, another investor will say: What is after 2020?
Our Connecting Europe strategy – we will present in October our strategic pipelines that Europe needs – adds momentum to this competition.
They will expire next summer.
We currently have an emerging debate on capacity mechanisms and backup strategies in the electricity sector.
This would compensate for all price increases for green electricity.
Today we have a large number of trading platforms and today we have financial instruments that were not even known ten years ago.
Josef Weidenholzer (S&D), in writing.
Here, we have decided by a large majority to protect the independence of journalists from internal pressure from publishers, publishers or owners, as well as from external political pressure.
In addition to continuing attacks by the Muslim Brotherhood in northern Egypt – 35 Coptic churches have been attacked in recent weeks, numerous houses have been destroyed, and there have also been fatalities – saudi money must now be expected to strengthen the Salafists.
Secondly, we must not provide for retroactive application of the Protocol.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Commission and Parliament have a common guideline: by an overwhelming majority in this House and certainly unanimously in the Commission, the Community method is the guiding principle of action in the European Union.
Millions of people are still suffering from the consequences of the crisis.
And on the realistic description: – I am really grateful to President Barroso today – he has given a realistic description.
If the Syrian regime actually has the chemical weapons arsenal from which the intelligence services are based, then the implementation will, however, become a highly problematic story.
There is more complicated voting;
The completely uncoordinated action in Libya, Mali or currently in the Syrian crisis reveals the EU's weaknesses and opens the door for non-European powers such as the US to hire individual Member States as vassals.
It is essential to ensure that taxpayers are better protected, that morale in financial markets is restored, and that public debates are initiated in order to rebuild confidence in political action.
This would create the condition that the partners of such an agreement, i.e. also the employees, can effectively enforce their claims under such agreements effectively.
I believe that this is an important question.
This CO2 consideration has flooded our entire CO2 system in recent years.
We must not cut off the branch on which we sit!
And I believe that Europe has already set up a great deal to act here.
There is also some fairness in the discussion.
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 149(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
There is no fish left for local small-scale fishermen.
This does not mean that I do not think smoking is harmful.
The elimination of the large number of bilateral investment agreements between EU Member States and China is sensible.
And it is true that this does not really matter much for Russia, they can also get their milk from elsewhere.
But if there are really clear and clear proposals, then there is no problem.
In the United States it is nine hours during the night.
Perhaps you can explain why this is the case today.
But it is clear that IT systems also need employees.
That is why we are quickly at the limits of what can be expected in the College to other colleagues who also have tasks – and, incidentally, your colleagues in other specialist committees, which have different priorities.
He deserves thanks and recognition for that.
Anyone who likes to smoke menthol or slim cigarettes should be allowed to continue to do so.
Everyone has only one health.
I share the Commission's view that the 25-year-old directive must be adapted to the new circumstances and environmental impact factors.
Only where there are weaknesses should it be improved.
We must tackle the problem at the root and change the framework conditions in the medium term so that people can stay in their countries, that they have the political and economic conditions and are not forced to migrate across Africa in order to find a way out.
The SWIFT programme should therefore be suspended until further notice.
Dual vocational training systems are an essential factor in successfully integrating young people into the labour market, they are practical and need-based.
Pakistan has signed the UN Convention on Human Rights, which includes the guarantee of freedom of religion.
The right to petition is a very important instrument of the democratic process and enshrined in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
This means that almost every food contains this toxic substance.
The guiding principle of Wilfried Martens, however, has always been that the contribution of the national states in post-war Europe must be to overcome the divide in this continent through the cooperation of states and peoples across borders, because we received from him the message "Together Europe is strong".
Jan Philipp Albrecht (Verts/ALE).
The creation of the portal in 2010 marked a milestone in cross-border electronic legal transactions.
On the one hand, some Member States denounce poverty immigration.
For example, the competent authority in Germany, the Paul Ehrlich Institute, has found that for years an HIV test with CE marking was on the market, which had significantly more false-negative results than other tests.
They are a great symbol of freedom and democracy!
Angelika Werthmann (ALDE), in writing.
To this end, specific solutions and regional approaches are proposed.
In view of the budgetary situation in the European Union, this could be supported on all sides.
Other actors, such as the Supreme Court, are also called upon to make a clear commitment to holding elections within the meaning of the Constitution.
We have 50% youth unemployment there.
Mr Callanan, what you call an ancient agenda is, first and foremost, people's dream of being able to live in dignity and on an equal footing.
But please, give us clear answers!
That is why I voted in favour of this motion.
It is quite significant that, in addition to the supplementary budget of EUR 3.9 billion, there is a hole in the EU coffers of EUR 2.7 billion.
In this sense, a few adjustments to the existing rules seem sensible, and of course the number of disputes should not be adversely affected by this.
I abstained because, on the one hand, I naturally believe that there is an urgent need to put an end to organised crime, but I do not have the right approach to it.
The focus is on security, solidarity and prosperity, which must be provided to each other.
I would just like to make two comments.
Where, if not here in Parliament, should it be made clear what this whole scandal is all about?
ERASMUS is preserved.
It is therefore good that Mrs Vălean has prevailed with her idea that most of the money from CEF energy must be used as a guarantee through the European Investment Bank, because we can afford so much more.
And yet – both taken together and complemented by a number of ongoing legislative procedures, I am optimistic.
Only then did the Commission, together with the Member States, establish the criteria on the basis of a methodology.
According to the International Red Cross, 22 000 people are still missing;
We have waited a long time for this decision.
In this respect, it is high time to change this!
May I therefore ask you, first of all, to note that the figures that you find in this report are the official figures of this Parliament, which the Secretariat-General of this House recently provided precisely on this issue?
What do I mean by "for all of us"?
Next time, in December, my report on space economic policy will be voted on in plenary.
And it is important to stress this once again that this is also a turning point in the time of European support programmes, because the very new, important and above all relevant aspects of economic growth in Europe are put to the fore.
This applies to the research institutions and, in particular, to the companies themselves.
So it's about getting entrepreneurs out of criminalisation.
It should be clear that subsidies for large landowners should be radically reduced.
Billions of euros are often invested in dubious channels, so these investments are basically a barrel without soil.
The next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on fair justice in Bolivia, in particular the cases of Előd Tóásó and Mario Tadic(1).
So your statement is wrong!
In fact, the question of credibility is justified, but I have already spoken to him very intensively and have him show me the legal bases.
We can draw our conclusions from this and then we can act accordingly and draw up new regulations where necessary.
For the first time, I would also like to thank the Court very warmly for this very impressive annual report.
The fact is that the increase from 3.9% to 4.8% is not a success story.
The more errors the Commission detects, the less Member States can benefit from European funds.
This report aims to establish an action programme for taxation in the European Union for the period 2014-2020.
Unfortunately, hardly any new approaches have been created to improve the conditions for decision-making.
The human body or parts thereof must not be monopolised for research or commercial purposes.
Further funding will be provided for the European Youth Initiative.
- the recommendation for the second reading of the Committee on Fisheries on the Position of the Council at first reading with a view to the adoption of the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the common fisheries policy and amending Regulations (EC) No 1954/2003 and (EC) No 1224/2009 and repealing Council Regulations (EC) No 2371/2002 and (EC) No 639/2004 and Decision
to express our condolences to the people of the country, but also to convey our solidarity.
There are no good Members and no bad Members.
It is unusual for a group leader to ask her colleague, but I would like to ask again, Werner Schulz: the elected politicians of Ukraine are at the round table.
However, there is always a certain credibility problem in the Union.
In time for Christmas, we will receive a small gift, namely the decision on the instruments for foreign policy.
But I have to mention a shortcoming: how long did it take to get the money out of the disaster fund?
If we do not change that, we will find it increasingly difficult to convince the citizens of the European project.
I think it is a shame, because we could have done a lot more.
The Commission wanted only one bank in each Member State.
Gesine Meissner, rapporteur.
But instead of presenting an action plan with timetables and benchmarks or excluding Pakistan from GSP+, the Commission simply has a note for the index box.
This, too, is a package solution in the midst of completely different measures, which I hope we will also reject tomorrow.
The division of labour here, bringing things together, is of crucial importance.
If you are complete – point, point, point – many voters wonder.
That is why I expressly agree with the view that the European Union is not only an event of economic success, but that economic success must also be socially embedded.
The next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on the situation in the Central African Republic(1).
I think you have to do that in a personal conversation.
The next item on the agenda is the election of vice-presidents of the European Parliament.
Corina Creţu: 406 votes
Ildikó Gáll-Pelcz: 400 votes
They do not need more money and more spending, but they need more ideas, more innovation, more technology, more willingness and risk to innovate.
With the personnel package that has been put together here, and where a Mr Juncker today ...
The next item on the agenda is voting time.
On behalf of my group, I would like to ask that we not only have a debate with the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy on the situation in Israel and Palestine on Wednesday afternoon, but that we also adopt a resolution on this.
Something has to be done, this economic course must change, also in the interests of Lithuanians.
Jutta Steinruck (S&D), in writing.
What does that mean?
I also know that this is not possible under the current Treaties.
Bernd Lange (S&D).
What, for God's sake, is Hamas' goal, if not aggression, terror and the destruction of Israel?
I think it is important that this complexity is finally absorbed in this House and that we talk about what the partners are for peace on both sides, to deal with these partners and to play a helping role as a Parliament, not the one that simply transports and reflects the conflict.
The only way a government can try to make it easier for companies that create jobs for young people is to give them more flexibility in exchange rates.
What is needed is a root cause analysis.
I mean, we should ...
The election will take place during the January 2015 plenary session.
Because I do not know myself in Ireland, the Irish are not in Germany, the French are not in Great Britain – how can the consumer develop any security in an international digital market?
But we in the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats want to do everything we can to ensure that this programme succeeds, because it not only brings clear rules, but also real opportunities for new growth.
This must be the primary objective, because that is the guarantee that there is justice in this area as well.
We are talking about the digital single market, but we do not have it yet.
I honestly do not understand why, when Parliament receives the text on 6 August, you have still not published this text and have just said that you will do so in a few days' time.
CETA and subsequently other agreements such as TTIP and TISA, if concluded, have far-reaching consequences for millions of people in the EU and the world.
The next item on the agenda is voting time.
Is there scope for investigation here when the machines land?
This means that flexibility can only be granted in exceptional circumstances.
Joachim Starbatty (ECR).
You want to have everything at the same time and do not interfere with the contradictions of what you are presenting here.
If private investors are now shying away from investment, they are doing so because it seems that there is no prospect of returns for these investments.
But that is because we have these transnational structures.
Will it change anything, including in dealing with the strategic partner Russia?
This request has been supported by Mrs Björk.
Before we conclude the debate, allow me to say a word to you, Mr President, and to the Members of the Commission.
Today we have the solidarity of the ESM.
Bernd Kölmel, on behalf of the ECR Group.
The European Parliament's budget is completely normal.
Jens Geier (S&D).
There are two camps in this house.
Of course, if there are violations, we must take action against it.
To date, there is not a single infringement that has been proven here.
Only in this way can Europe overcome the crisis.
Addressed to the Turkish Government, this means that all people fleeing the embattled Kobane region must be welcomed.
Mr Buonanno, you have one minute to make a point of order.
Nevertheless, the start of this Commission is a sign of hope.
Today, in view of the figures, the exact opposite is manifested.
I believe that it is very important to hear this call from Europe.
Manfred Weber, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Secondly, I would like to know briefly whether it is true whether you can confirm that the Commission's cooperation with Luxembourg has improved from the moment you were no longer Prime Minister.
So far, you have said a common tax base and referred to the Commission's proposal.
That is why it is indeed very important to enforce international law.
We want this clarification!
This report here in the European Parliament alone will not satisfy any child in this world.
The debate is closed.
Why is there no longer a mandatory SME test?
The cause of migration is poverty in the world.
As far as colleagues from the far right are concerned, more Europe is needed here.
The honourable Member has said that there are no concrete proposals, improvements, targets, a timeframe, precisely because we are constantly faced with new challenges due to technological changes, including new forms of work, new forms of disease.
What then should be explicit children's rights?
The world often expects positive news from both the European Union and the G20 countries.
It would be downright negligent to allow for new business models, only to be surprised to discover later that they are causing market distortions.
Member States should join the Fund, thereby further strengthening its performance.
But there is another strange thing: it is a deliberate misinformation of the public that the size of the investment programme is defrauding EUR 315 billion.
I believe that Parliament has decided something wise in this respect, but that does not belong to Lima.
Since 2000, Europe has reduced its CO2 emissions by almost 10%, but global emissions have increased by 36% over the same period.
Josef Weidenholzer, author.
We must prevent this, and the EU must prevent this.
Mr Arnott, you made a point of order.
We have expectations of this Commission.
We also expect the necessary changes and reforms in the rule of law and in the state administration.
Helmut Scholz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
Even this winter will be hard enough.
The Council of Member States does not implement this common economic policy, but leaves Mr Draghi in the rain at the ECB.
But we have not seen anything like that.
Firstly, torture belongs to the Middle Ages or to states of injustice, but not to 21st century states of law.
But I ask: why do the most ambitious free trade agreements between the European Union and Georgia contain phrases such as 'concerning the integration of Georgia into NATO', which not only mention a country that is not involved in this agreement, namely Russia, but also discuss its role in the South Caucasus and its attitude to international law, which, in a free trade agreement between the European Union and Georgia, address a country that is not involved in this treaty in its role with Georgia?
This is important in order to promote dialogue and to bind us closer together.
Yes!
Please think carefully about it!
(The speaker agreed to reply to another Member's question in accordance with Rule 162(8) of the CRP).
However, we do not need to go so far as to look into Sudan, because on 14 December of this year, 31 people were arrested in Turkey, many of them journalists.
There we have alternatives available that are much more cost-effective, which are already working today and that can make a difference in combination with smart networks.
Today we are discussing a proposal for a Regulation from the European Commission aimed at motivating foreign countries to open up their public procurement markets to European Union suppliers.
I am once again very grateful to all colleagues and all the staff for this.
Mr President, do you really agree with what Mr Peterle said, for example, that pollen must of course be defined as an ingredient because of the transparency for the consumer regarding GMOs?
We therefore support Mrs Girling in confirming this in this Commission proposal.
The next item is the debate on the report by Monica Luisa Macovei, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on the proposal for a Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Hercule III programme to promote measures to protect the financial interests of the European Union (COM(2011)0914 - C7-0513/2011 - 2011/0454(COD)) (A7-0385/2011 - 2011/0454(COD))
I was astonished – and I am afraid I must be back tonight – that we worked very closely together and then on the last day an e-mail came from the Group of the Party of European Socialists that the report could not be approved in committee, because we want to go further in the area of the exchange of confidential data relating to possible physical claims.
However, if it is intended to ensure that EU social legislation is complied with, then we should also focus it on those who are really affected by driving and rest periods.
Some people pretend that industrial policy is only about reducing energy costs and demanding deregulation.
Madam President, your Presidency, which was otherwise very professional and accurate, will always be linked to the failure of efforts to reach an association agreement with Ukraine at the Vilnius Summit.
This is a very modest programme, considering the purpose: safe products and services for our European consumers.
I have one point of criticism: that is administrative expenditure.
I must confess that I am very sceptical about this report, including this technology.
Finally, we must not lose sight of efficiency.
The new legislation explicitly allows for the first time to rely on quality labels or labels in the procurement process.
And you have to be present in the discussions, otherwise you cannot take these concerns into account.
The concession directive was a difficult birth.
Once again, the EU has had to give in to pressure from the WTO.
It threatens to become a racist debate against Sinti and Roma!
If the Commission itself admits data protection deficiencies with regard to Safe Harbor, I urge them to consistently suspend or renegotiate the agreement in the interests of the citizens.
The second reason we want to cancel safe harbour is the hope that Washington understands that, as Europeans, we are serious about changing the partnership, that we are serious about washington having to change direction, that Washington needs to rethink, and that we make it clear that we no longer accept that there are citizens – or rather consumers – first and second class, that there is a distinction between Europeans and Americans on the issue of data standards.
That is why what we are discussing here today is a very positive signal of further development in the unification of Europe: the start of accession negotiations with Serbia, support for the agreement on the normalisation of relations between Belgrade and Priština – two positive signals that we welcome.
What kind of hypocrisy is this, if we want to have a debate here, if the Commission wants to pull the strings, but in reality only wants to stamp out the two-fold defeat in this scandalous Estrela report?
As a result, there was also the Commission's Erika III package, quite rightly.
What i am particularly pleased about is that the Austrian initiative mentions austria twice as a positive example: once because of its training guarantee, an example of a successful strategy to reduce school dropouts, and secondly because of its high potential for innovation.
But that is no wonder, after all, there are repeated attacks on Serbian monasteries or the desecration of Serbian cemeteries, and the Serbian minority, which must live under Albanian sovereignty against its will, is facing serious threats in its future.
For once again, in the Committee on Legal Affairs, we have dealt with an issue that may not be so ideological, which does not necessarily seem so spectacular at first sight, but which is certainly relevant to the everyday lives of citizens, namely that it can save them costs, and that is something where we are all naturally happy to engage.
I therefore invite you, honourable Members, to stand on the side of fundamental rights tomorrow and stand up for the citizens when it comes to voting on the amendments as well.
I believe that we must fight hard on these issues.
Andreas Schwab (PPE).
More territorial licences are now possible, making it easier to offer online music services in the European single market.
Tougher penalties should ensure in the future that financial fraudsters have to take full responsibility for their misconduct.
However, the problem of judicial independence arises in this context.
The report's goal of not making parcel shipping a bottleneck in the online retail supply chain, which is expected to grow above average in the coming years, can generally be seen positively.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Ultimately, we have common interests.
Monika Hohlmeier (PPE).
Contrary to public reports, the coastguard's report is not frontex's conclusion, but the presentation of the Greek authorities.
So let us look at sustainability, the longer-term consequences of our decisions, and not the short-term success!
We also have compensation for delays measured at the airport of arrival and not at the departure airport, so that it is actually fully compensated for by the connecting delays.
(The President cut off the speaker))
The rights of passengers and the rights of consumers must not depend on whether you have booked a single flight or a transfer flight, because there is no other option but to book a transfer flight.
For more than 26 million passengers departing and landing annually in Austria alone, there will be more and faster damages and simplified complaints procedures in the event of delays and cancellations.
The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina has not improved in any way 15 years after the end of the war: high unemployment, expressed in recent days in protests by the Bosnian people against the government, corruption and the Treaty of Dayton, which has not brought lasting peace to the country.
This would be a step backwards for European climate policy.
And that is exactly what the banks did in the last crisis.
There is certainly a deep socio-economic conflict between urban elites and rural regions.
The fact is, however, that there has been no movement in the Council, neither with regard to the intergovernmental agreements nor with regard to the decision-making processes in the case of resolution.
Since 2011, 27 journalists and 98 citizen journalists have been killed in Syria.
For me, the freedom that we maintain in the European Union and which we always want to live for our citizens is also vitally linked to mobility – including the opportunity for individual mobility from point to point.
It serves not only to protect the producer, but also to protect the consumer.
Because if you read the reports on the railways today, these are the weak points.
I don't want that.
No, we do not want another cut of 5[nbsp ]% and the creation of a so-called redeployment pool for agencies only.
Only – access to and use of the data generated by the vehicle must be regulated individually by contract.
We have to look at this: more than 30[nbsp]years ago, the first trials were made for eCall, for emergency call systems for vehicles.
This reminds me a bit of the former COMECON countries, which have simply joined the planned economy and said yes and amen to everything.
I can do that, Mrs Zimmer.
Since our second republic has existed, voluntary service has been and continues to be the backbone of our state and also of our culture of solidarity.
At the same time, cross-subsidisation is now much more difficult, i.e. how should öBB's non-profitable routes, which are operated on the basis of public interest, continue to be financed without incurring debt?
The messages will also be collected in a database, which is a commendable approach, but particular attention must nevertheless be paid to data protection.
This is where the technological foundation for monitoring the movements of our citizens is laid.
People have also increasingly focused on the question of the rule of law, avoidance of arbitrariness, freedom.
People are exposed to arbitrariness and constant fear of attack.
We have dedicated ourselves to the certification system, which has been strengthened in the area of efficiency.
About 94[nbsp]percent of all smokers start before the age of 25.
These tobacco industry practices, which deliberately attract young people, will therefore be banned from 2017 and 2020, respectively.
The present directive must also be rejected, because I cannot in any way endorse the EU's consumer image, which has in mind an incompetent citizen whose consumption the EU wants to standardise in European law.
Angelika Werthmann (ALDE), in writing.
Mrs Estrela, I would like to ask you why so few women are women entrepreneurs.
Torture is one of the most horrific forms of human rights violations, especially – but not exclusively – used in times of war.
Torture is one of the most horrific forms of human rights violations, especially – but not exclusively – used in times of war.
As a binding citizen's will – enforced by the European Parliament.
He's now paying for it, he's now in Russia and he doesn't know how his life goes on.
Answer to a question about the blue card procedure
And the other is that if asylum is not granted, then there would also be the possibility of giving Witness Protection to Mr Snowden as a whistleblower, who he is well aware of, and to bring him to an EU country.
Of course, we are grateful that Edward Snowden has brought this up so that we can deal with this insight that we have today.
Another question is the impact of the establishment of the European Public Prosecutor's Office on eurojust's budget.
With regard to the legal judge, is it even compatible for the public prosecutor to be able to choose the court afterwards?
Key points: procedural rights need to be further developed and harmonised.
What we can do in practical terms is to improve travel conditions for businesspeople, students, academics, to finally end this humiliating visa procedure that many Turks face in front of our consulates in Istanbul, Ankara and other cities.
I would also like to express my thanks once again to Mr Mayer and all the shadow rapporteurs.
Omnibus II, I am sure, is the right and necessary step for this.
This also means, however, that the new demanding regulations must not overburden small and medium-sized insurance companies.
Nevertheless, I believe that this time we have put forward a very good set of rules covering all the things that are necessary to combat money laundering effectively in the long term.
That is why the European Parliament believes that we should take these measures here as soon as possible.
80[nbsp ]% of the new employment is created in enterprises not older than five years.
This is a very important factor for our future to be successful internationally, especially in those countries that have a very low industrial rate and where unemployment is greatest, so that we can achieve our target of 20[nbsp ]% reindustrialisation accordingly.
What we are not satisfied with is the conclusion in the area of environmental protection and the fight against climate change.
Othmar Karas, rapporteur.
We act, we move, we get involved.
(The speaker agrees to answer two questions under the blue card procedure under Rule[nbsp]149 paragraph[nbsp]8 of the Rules of Procedure.)
I have already spoken before I heard your intervention.
There are principles that firefighters should adhere to when extinguishing, because otherwise the damage caused by the extinguishing water is greater than that caused by the fire.
It was right to examine the work.
But, as I said, the Commission can still provide this proof.
I do not know whether I am in a position to make this proposal for the EPP.
Perhaps we should not do that tonight.
We see that we have a problem with growth and jobs in the European industrial and economic landscape.
No matter in which direction Kiev is oriented, a part of the country will always feel dissatisfied or even majorized.
Elmar Brok (PPE).
(Applause)
We do not have to fall into a military dispute to make it clear to Russia that, if it wants to isolate itself, this isolation will also happen.
No other power that has been affected so far is affected by this conflict, is ready to do so.
Now the Member States are on the ball!
The existing fragmentation of European airspace is based on the fact that there are 28[nbsp]different national air traffic authorities with over 100[nbsp]air navigation service providers, as well as different systems and procedures.
The aim of this report is to remove these ambiguities.
In our view, this is wrong and irresponsible.
Not only does Turkey still refuse to recognise the genocide, it also refuses to open its borders with Armenia.
We face a huge challenge when we look at the 2015 budget.
It should be borne in mind, however, that our EU countries are currently very far from achieving the 2020 target.
Existing strategies need to be revised and adapted to the current situation in order to make progress.
In this sense, the report is consistent and coherent, but it is important to consider whether the extension of measures justifies an increase of 40[nbsp ]%, especially since the funds may also be used in third countries where appropriate.
But now Greece will never be able to repay its debts without driving its citizens into poverty.
As a community of solidarity, we are not going to get any further with this.
It is important to consider carefully whether the European Union's financial resources should also be considered for third countries and programmes that apply outside the Union.
Nevertheless, I believe it is crucial that border prevention must also take place at national level in order to tackle criminals or smugglers more effectively, and this must also be encouraged.
The report presented on the Internal Security Funds deals mainly with border security and external border management in the European Union.
It is estimated that more than 60[nbsp]000 Eritreans, Egyptians and Somalis have fled to the Sinai Peninsula in recent years.
Looking back to 2009, we are all still aware that Iceland was facing a state failure at the time, and that the European Union also asked for help and wanted to become a member of the European Union, but we have defined clear conditions for it.
No one wins in such conflicts.
It is about important ethical issues, about transparency and about protecting at-risk groups: minors, people with intellectual disabilities, pregnant women.
).
The next item is the debate on the joint report by Luigi Berlinguer, on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs, by Juan Fernando López Aguilar, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, and by Carlo Casini, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, on the mid-term review of the Stockholm Programme (2013/2024(INI)) (A7-0153/2014).
Political groups
D.[nbsp ]i.e. with the economic policy effect of the lifting of customs duties in this area, which we consider to be zero, the Commission obviously pursues with this customs policy the aim of giving a certain effect and support to ukraine's more domestic policy objectives, namely before the presidential elections.
I believe it would be appropriate for more members of this House to be interested in this issue, especially those who have repeatedly campaigned on the protection of taxpayers' financial interests.
So: satisfaction of the Committee on the Environment with the Commission, but dissatisfaction with the Court of Auditors.
But the fact is, the error rate is rising in 2012 for the third year in a row;
Let us therefore take a new path with this new idea!
But we have provided each other with good arguments in order to make real progress now.
In the end, the error rates show that it is actually controlled.
This is a global market in which European players face significant international competition problems.
).
The invoices have been sent and it was necessary that we put pressure on them.
Firstly, I have to say that Peter Liese has negotiated for the Committee on the Environment and not for the group, which was unique.
On this text, there were extremely different positions in Parliament between the committees and the Council.
We have described very precisely what the solution must look like.
Exactly two years ago, we even discussed military options here.
It is not only the nuclear issue that needs to be resolved in the interests of the region's security;
Answer to a question about the blue card procedure for Tunne Kelam
Any other nation with nuclear weapons is a threat to the fragile global nuclear balance.
The only real and important statement is that there can be no alternative to a peaceful negotiated solution with Iran – our reason not to vote against this resolution.
Point[nbsp ]2: We must make sure that information technology, cyber security matters are handled very carefully.
This reform package deals in particular with fundamental market issues in the mobile and telecommunications sectors.
I therefore support, in principle, the proposal to provide economic support to Ukraine by abolishing or reducing customs duties on trade with the European Union.
Hannes Swoboda (S&D)
The result was then surprising how little support was given to the amendments.
This is just one of several examples.
To manipulate the members of the Conference of Presidents, i.e. Mr Swoboda, Mr Daul, Mr Verhofstadt, Mr Callanan and others– my experience is that these are autonomous personalities.
That's exactly what I did.
It is all the more important that we have coordination at European level.
It would appear that there would be no mandatory safety measures for weaker road users, that in the future there would be very limited alternative driving options for load-bearing vehicles, there would be no mandatory weight sensors to help drivers know whether they are overloaded or not, and with the help of which the executive can control much more easily.
Dieter
But be it as it is.
They wanted to change the dimensions and weights in Europe by changing their interpretation.
Rapporteur
These people are in fact in favour of the citizens of Europe not being able to co-determine who makes these laws.
The vote will take place on Wednesday, 16 April 2014, at 6 p.m.
This intention is, in itself, laudable.
- 2013/0140(COD)
I think it is very appropriate.
Here we must try to improve the situation, but not fundamentally change it.
First of all, I would like to thank Mrs McIntyre very warmly because, I believe, job creation is the order of the day.
There are enough rules that will lead to industrial and production companies leaving Europe.
We see that progress has been made.
Nevertheless, I would like to emphasise that the pilot project that we have begun to try new formats with the participation of Parliament – informal meetings with the Presidency of the Council, the participation of the negotiating team in informal meetings, the General Council for the meeting of 'all necessary measures to facilitate the adoption of the act' – was a proper approach and should not be forgotten.
The overall level, with 960 billion commitments and 908 billion payments, remains well below parliament's demands and actually represents a real reduction of 3.5% and 3.7% respectively compared to 2007-2013.
This directive does not.
It makes it difficult for Member States to take effective action, in particular against the growing expansion of organised crime in this area.
And it excludes, for the next five years, that we will be working on the Posting of Workers Directive and on this Transposition Directive.
We need effective control and sanctions mechanisms.
And everyone deserves this chance!
We need much more research and innovation on this issue.
However, the challenges arising from this situation cannot be dealt with solely with asylum policy.
An urgently needed step towards greater humanity in European refugee protection.
We know how time-consuming and frustrating it can be to register a car there after moving to another country.
But today is the most important signal for the people of Europe: Europe has once again demonstrated that it is able to emerge stronger from the deepest crises.
It is to be hoped that we will not forget these lessons and that the Banking Union is the first step in a paradigm shift in European economic policy.
I would also like to thank the European Commission for having just said, Mr Mimica, that you want to resume the precautionary principle, just as the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection has reintroduced it.
I know that both rapporteurs have tried to do everything possible to stop this blockade, but it has not worked.
In many places there has been a reduction in established supply structures and, as a result, disadvantages for consumers.
I voted in favour of the report on dimensions and weights.
This is economic mischief!
The bank leaflet should also be seen as a lesson from the financial crisis.
With the introduction of eCall, many lives can be saved.
I believe that the negotiations for the new own resources, for a new own resources regime, are an important central step in securing the euro in the future.
We asked for them on a regular basis.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on his excellent report.
Michael Theurer, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
We have received many requests for oral explanations of vote.
There are also event-related data collections.
And even if there are individual cases, it is clear that the used remedy has not been applied.
We must vigorously defend ourselves against this in our foreign policy, no matter what religion it is, whose freedom of religion is violated.
The same applies, of course, to mr Eickhout's kind words, and I also miss the Liberals in the debate today.
Andreas Schwab,
That was 6[nbsp]000 dead soldiers every day.
Peace is not a matter of course, not even in Europe, nor in the European Union.
All this has something to do with our joint action.
Thank you very much.
A critical but constructive dialogue with President Putin is also part of the solution.
International principles must be absolutely respected, including by Russia.
I think there are many approaches to this, but it must be done in such a way that it does not endanger the unity of the state and is not an approach to separatism.
And if we do not use the military and help – this is not a NATO case – then it must be clear that we are using all peaceful means to help the Ukrainian people.
We must say that Ukraine has a right to territorial integrity and self-defence.
Animal welfare is of enormous importance to animals, but also to public health, as around 70% of infectious diseases affect both animals and humans.
Companies that repeatedly and intentionally violate European safety standards should be pilloried on an EU-wide blacklist.
The protection of minorities, especially religious minorities, is one of the most important guidelines of our EU foreign policy.
Today we commemorate the Christian martyr for peace and human rights, Father van der Lugt, but also the countless victims of all religions and denominations that have so far cost this murderous struggle in Syria.
The next item is the vote.
I've been there since 1965.
Astrid Lulling (PPE).
We are Democrats.
Sabine Wils, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
It is not a question of simply making controls out of principle.
That is why I would like to ask once again: where are the data?
We know all that.
The next item on the agenda is the debate on the Commission statement on the negotiations on the EU-Vietnam Free Trade Agreement (2013/2989(RSP)).
These negotiations have been going on for a number of years now.
Today, with our resolution, we want to reiterate that we have priorities on the road to the conclusion of the negotiations, which we absolutely want the European Commission to take into account.
In addition, we must give investors an incentive to continue to go to this country because they know that if, in a doubt, the government makes arbitrary decisions and, unfortunately, the courts cannot decide independently because of perhaps political influence, they will have a shield under the investment protection agreement that goes with it.
He is supposed to check if there is anybody else in the room or if the light has been forgotten.
I believe that this is underground and undemocratic.
This concludes this item on the agenda.
We have really seen enough human dramas in the Mediterranean.
That, in cooperation with Turkey, we must then also consider how we can solve problems for the countries that have taken in a particularly large number of refugees – whether that is Turkey, whether Lebanon, Jordan, Tunisia or similar countries, which are struggling with large numbers of refugees and therefore want our support, also the approach of legal migration, as far as this is possible.
There is, of course, also the problem of over-demanding our society, of overcharging our citizens with this immigration.
Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
I believe that a majority of this House should do so.
Member States have helped train security forces in Nigeria, but without success.
The conflict, as it is described here, is always intensified when sanctions are imposed unilaterally, rather than talking to each other.
Our task now is to assess the results of the development goals and to continue to deliver positive results within Europe.
Josef Weidenholzer, author.
I wonder how we can actually believe that the world is changing now because there is this package.
Mr Pedicini, is you aware that the regulation on consumer information on food contains an entire article in which everything possible is written against the misleading of the consumer by means of food labelling?
Food, which may have cost 100% 100% 10 to 15 years ago, now costs only 50% of its historical value.
This means that 650 000 young people can get into work.
That's not my human image.
As you all know, the major problem that we have here – and this has already come out of some of our fellow Members – will be the implementation and enforcement of this directive.
Now we have Mare Nostrum – the result: 131% increase in migration numbers.
Marcus Pretzell (ECR).
The economic crisis has led to an increasing number of tasks having to be accomplished with smaller budgets.
At the same time, we are dealing with a deep democratic crisis.
And instead of continuing to provide the us with the assistance of the Americans, the European Union would be well advised to seek a path of reconciliation and a prosperous common future with the Russians.
We need clear common standards for the safe handling of data in Europe.
(Applause)
You too, Mr Bütikofer, must reverse this.
But we are on the right track, and we should move towards a sustainable, climate-friendly energy supply and the creation of new jobs.
Today is the day we have been waiting for since your appointment as Vice-President.
They have done so since Joseph Stalin, and they continue to do so because they remain in the same ideology.
Unfortunately, I cannot add to the great praise for this report.
Michel Reimon, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
Given the size of the differences in content, these were very fair negotiations with a good result.
It is an incoherent sequence of inhumane, patronising and ignorant monstrosities.
Nor should there be a two-class jurisdiction that gives international corporations more rights than any other company or citizen.
These provisions are certainly not in the interests of the citizens of Austria and Europe, and that is why the SPÖ-EU delegation rejected this report.
The points made by the rapporteur and Commissioner Vestager are extremely important, supported by Parliament, especially by the ECON Committee, and must be taken into account in future legislation.
I strongly support the report that has been presented.
Beatrix von Storch (ECR), in writing.
That must give us thought.
We should support this country together.
That was also important.
The fact that there is no general authorisation across borders for gigaliners rounds off the whole thing.
Today, after 60-70 years, we still have refugee camps in Jordan and Syria, where hundreds of children have just died of starvation in Syria last year.
However, we need a Greek partner who works with us seriously.
Private investors have acquired legal titles that will cause up to 80 000 people of the ancestral Massai population to lose their natural livelihoods.
You cannot now debate the immunity waiver procedure here.
On many issues relating to the Energy Union, we Social Democrats can agree, because the proposals are almost identical to the paper we have launched.
But how can we be for the internal market, where we have different living conditions in different countries, and of course different levels of pay.
The same must apply to minimum wages.
Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
Eugen Freund (S&D), in writing.
I include in the sad news the terrible attack by the criminal organization Al-Shabaab on the university in the town of Garissa in northern Kenya, which on 2 April killed 148 innocent people, young men and women, students of the university there.
The relevant question, from my point of view, is: how can we prevent our European airlines from ultimately being burdened with additional penalties because we have so far failed to respond appropriately to requests from Mexico?
Fabio De Masi (GUE/NGL).
The most important thing is that the authorities take the responsibility that the inspections that we are calling for can also take place, that there is also sufficient staff available.
But things are still not right, for example the compensation fund, in which not all the companies concerned have paid in – the 30 million have not yet been reached.
The debate is closed.
I am glad, I have to tell you that.
Cornelia Ernst, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
That is the point.
Nevertheless, in order to make a real difference, we need more transparency.
Which citizen in Europe can rely on his trade secrets at the Tax Office?
Ladies and gentlemen, I do not believe in the second generation either.
However, in the case of passenger car transport, this must be limited, which is not necessary, because I believe that electromobility and hydrogen technology are alternatives.
Norbert Lins (PPE).
Biofuels are important.
This makes disposal into the environment all the more common.
There, the problem has long been global and can no longer be hidden under the surface of the water.
I also believe, however, that the film industry in the Member States contributes to economic growth and promotes the creation of new jobs.
The use of modern technology to improve road safety is to be welcomed in principle.
A more proportionate solution would be for offences against environmental legislation to be consistently punished.
We will certainly be discussing this morning the dramatic refugee disaster ten days ago, in which 800 people are believed to have died.
On the other hand, the report criticises the Galileo satellite system as too expensive, although an exit at this stage would be completely unprofitable financially and economically and a european system of its own makes sense.
However, a strict regulatory framework is necessary to counter the risks of the funds.
Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
Hundreds of people have drowned in the Mediterranean this year, and I fear that this is not the end.
It goes without saying that a healthy and balanced diet is advisable, including support for local products and traditional dietary habits.
I believe it is important to work out good solutions with the rapporteurs and shadow rapporteurs.
If the opportunities of a digital market were optimally exploited, European consumers could save €11.7 billion a year.
The second topic concerned this questionnaire on refugee policy.
And then you should listen to Viktor Orbán on the matter, not in the wording, but in the matter.
We could spare ourselves a great deal of suffering from people slipping into private insolvency if the Commission were to address this issue as well.
Ska Keller (Verts/ALE).
Voluntary certification is already possible, but only 12% of companies use this option at all.
We rely on the voluntary nature of companies!
Olive trees in Italy are attacked by the bacterium Xylella fastidiosa.
\u2012 The mass infestation of olive trees with Xylella fastidiosa threatens not only the destruction of the agricultural heritage, but also the loss of some 8000 people in the affected regions.
Barbara Kappel (NI), in writing.
A lot of things are wrong in Turkey.
First of all, allow me to express my thanks to parliament's rapporteur, Kati Piri: we have been negotiating with each other for many weeks and months.
However, external trade and external relations must also be able to be guided by our values.
First there was no money, then money was made available.
The question, of course, goes to the Council and the Commission: what are we doing now?
I would appeal to the media not to always say – when these statements come from the Council – that Europe has failed because there is a clear will here in the European Parliament, because there is a clear will in the Commission.
I would rather say an emergency situation.
That is where we can become smarter, agree.
We in the European Parliament urgently need to send out a signal here!
Hacker attacks happen all the time and are directed against anything that is somehow interesting.
These persons belong to persecuted and punished.
Nothing is happening at all for this.
(Parliament adopted the request)
In addition to renewable energy, many conservatives also include nuclear power and hydraulic fracking.
That is the premise: the European Union must ensure the energy supply of its citizens.
Perhaps it is because the report and also the discussion do not bring much new things.
Commissioner, you mentioned Cotonou.
Azerbaijan ranks 162nd out of 180 in the press freedom ranking.
Human rights are important – there is no question of that.
And we, as a group, are protesting against this way in which Parliament is slowing itself down, that we ourselves are putting our own rights aside.
There are much more important issues that we should negotiate with Turkey, such as improving the customs union in order to compensate for the TTIP disadvantages with Turkey.
Turkey has been an official candidate since 1999 and accession negotiations began in 2005.
At the beginning of April, we visited members of the South Asia delegation in Nepal.
The EUROPEAN Parliament should stand out.
The bailout Europeans want greece to be a fig leaf so that they can continue to lie to their voters at home, and the Greeks don't even deliver that.
And there is the Commission's commitment that everything will be done, that no existing projects will be put at risk: that is a clear message to the market.
Christian Ehler (PPE).
The extent to which these projects will have a strategic benefit for Europe will be shown.
Every year, with the Structural Funds, we have a redistribution to weaker groups and regions.
The report is a good and honest inventory of the current European economic governance capacity.
This means that responsibility for expenditure and liability continue to fall apart and that existing European law, in particular the non-assistance clause (Article 125 TFEU), is disregarded.
Beatrix von Storch (ECR), in writing.
The growing inequality between states is a problem that cannot be solved sustainably through transfer payments, but rather through structural reforms in the respective Member States.
I will do so, and I have been asked to do so, and I have not had the impression that all of you here in this House have already expressed your views on this request.
You know as well as I do that there are companies and industries that can and want to make business successes out of this circular economy and who are technologically leading and advocating innovation, and others who stand on the brakes and believe that a competitive solution would only be achieved if we were successful even if we refused to meet the ecological transformation goals.
This was not just the crisis, Commissioner, these were the austerity programmes, these were the many reforms.
They're back.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at Greece today, it is a divided country.
Do not believe that substantive reasons were decisive for the postponed vote!
Tax harmonisation cannot therefore be part of a free trade agreement.
\u2012 This report calls for price support, particularly for new farmers.
At the end of the debate, seven motions for resolutions were tabled in accordance with Rule 123(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
(Applause)
Udo Bullmann (S&D).
(Heckling)
The next item is the vote.
The proposals therefore run the risk of labour markets becoming more inflexible and shocks more severe.
It would therefore also, among other things, be a preventive measure for European companies wishing to establish themselves in these countries.
Resource efficiency therefore remains one of the most important components of a sustainable life.
I am abstaining from this vote because, although the report identifies the problems, it is withholding proposals for solutions.
Ladies and gentlemen, this report is an incitement to murder.
And, of course, family businesses usually also have a significantly higher equity ratio than non-family businesses.
We must come out, we finally need a fair distribution: fair for the Member States, but also fair for refugees.
In other words, the Commission is now also on the move to take up this strong signal from the European Parliament and to live up to the urban agenda.
If we vote tomorrow on the three partnership agreements, we will literally do so in partnership.
This must change, including for us here in Europe.
Thank you very much.
Because there are biological limits to animals.
At the end of the day, there is something that is extremely moving here, which has always moved the European Parliament, just as it worries our citizens in the European Union: it is a fact that every reproduction technique developed for farmanimals has finally arrived in humans.
We are against animal cruelty.
But there are also competitive situations.
Arne Gericke (ECR).
Turkey has something to do with the problem we are talking about here.
The next item on the agenda is the debate on the Council and Commission statements on migration and refugees in Europe (2015/2833(RSP)).
I do not want to repeat everything that has already been said.
If there is funding of USD 100 billion per year by 2020, would it not be coherent to say that the allocation of financial resources to the poorest countries in the area of climate change is linked to the fact that these countries are also making binding plans on how to eliminate climate change?
Ulrike Müller (ALDE).
We see it again and again: as soon as prices rise, it takes a very long time before they are actually passed on to farmers.
After all, the meeting of the Interior Ministers has failed to materialise.
This is not easy, because there is no plan, because until recently the Member States – including my own – have insisted that these policies do not affect the EU.
We are talking about 7% more pre-financing, two billion more co-financing from the European side, a faster release of the 5% payment and technical administrative support.
Let us remember that eur 42 billion was earmarked for Greece in the last multiannual financial framework.
Firstly, it is a waste of money.
Nevertheless: all in vain.
Have there been tests by the European Commission at the Joint Research Centre in Ispra, where there are also test stands for automobiles, or have there been no tests there, and have you noticed any deviations there?
There is a coefficient – the Commission says we are taking one, and the car industry wants to have a different one for every single company, yes, this is again a Swiss cheese.
The best thing to see in the current situation is that the international community is essentially behind Bernardino León's plan.
There is an urgent need for a national unity government that can finally begin its work.
Bernd Kölmel (ECR).
Karin Kadenbach (S&D).
I think it is very sensible that the funds should be increased here.
In a word, it shows us what is possible.
The rise of the terrorist organization IS in Iraq and Syria could not be prevented.
Only this one number shows the whole dimension of the task.
They need it, and all the more so they need a capital markets union based on people's interests, not the ideas of investment bankers.
Capital Markets Union means facilitating financing for businesses.
However, key aspects are missing, such as the link between women's and girls' sexual and reproductive rights and access to the education system and the labour market.
I think first analyze the causes: why is there this high wage difference?
We find time and again that citizens want to shop on the Internet and cannot do so for a variety of reasons – because they have a false IP address, have the wrong credit card, have the wrong nationality, live in the wrong country – and therefore cannot make that purchase.
À vrai dire, ce fut une réunion fructueuse.
I would therefore like to ask expressly that, hopefully tomorrow, we will be able to achieve a common wording of the Member States of the European Union on the Syria issue.
It is an important finding in the work of the Special Committee to investigate the LuxLeaks affair that, in fact, the Member States and a whole range of companies have obviously used tax avoidance schemes that have led to billions of dollars in tax losses.
The Council remains unclear.
Mr President, Commissioner Moscovici, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for his excellent report.
We absolutely want and need more citizen participation in the European project of unification.
The Nobel Peace Prize is rightly awarded this year to the Dialogue Quartet in Tunisia.
The Council must now profess colour.
Joachim Zeller (PPE).
If the blue card is put up and a Member is asked if she accepts it, and the word is passed on to another member, that is not correct.
On Sunday, as President of our House, At the invitation of Commission President Juncker, I attended the meeting of heads of government on the refugee flows on the Western Balkans route in Brussels.
Jens Geier, draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Budgets.
And then, at the moment, one really seriously wonders: what about the relationship between citizens and the state?
The next step is the Capital Markets Union, are the support for startups, are the securitisations, is the expansion of SMEs' access to finance in addition to loans.
Nor is the review of credit collateral, the questioning of real estate as security, and the mistrust of SME loans – that is, what is happening now in the review of the Basel 3 criteria – that is not progress.
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 162(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
That is exactly what the Commission has done.
These are some good innovations, but they do not go far enough.
We therefore welcome the establishment of national competition councils.
This is not only necessary from a budgetary point of view, it is also a question of how money can be used efficiently.
My group stands for fair trade.
Mr Eck, I have a question for you: how do you explain that where your former party friends have ruled in Germany, the largest mass enterprises have been created?
We need a strategy, right away!
The terrorists agree with text messages, because the data retention of the French, which has been practised for years, does not help – it has not used anything and a ban on encryption certainly does not help.
And it is also true that in tax havens, banks also launder money from criminals.
The TAXE Committee has presented a very good report and has proposed effective measures to make tax competition fairer so that workers and SMEs do not continue to bear most of the tax burden in the EU.
There are still many outstanding questions, many documents and minutes of meetings in which we were not allowed to consult.
Catch-the-eye procedure
I think it is a good thing that a further step is being taken now to consider whether this cannot be concentrated throughout Europe in support, in a way that allows the funds to go where they are as effective as possible.
Secondly, registration.
Secondly, Mr Giegold has said that the Council has prevailed.
Thank you for the kind words.
I am convinced that the attacks prove that it would now be the wrong way to press ahead with further unwarranted surveillance, even more data storage.
In this area in particular, cancellation by the ECJ, as in the case of Safe Harbour and data retention, would be problematic, because it would shake confidence in our ability to act.
And there is great progress on Syria.
In other words, there really is an offer for the Member States to be courageous and to adopt this report.
Today we are talking about this again: do we need a quota, or do we not need it?
An entrepreneur has the freedom to hire 100 women, 100 men or 100 chimpanzees – it is his free choice!
(The President interrupted the speaker)
Let us also be honest: the problems are so great because a Member State of the European Union, Namely Greece, does not implement the Schengen standards at its external Schengen border.
The report on the Energy Union that we are discussing today is of great importance because, through the mix of measures it sets out, it will only enable many Member States to achieve these reduction targets or to bring them closer to those reduction targets.
It must be our greatest ambition to maintain the attractiveness and competitiveness of the site, in line with a healthy and sustainable climate policy.
Evelyn Regner, on behalf of the S&D Group.
EUR 1.8 billion in support was decided in March this year and EUR 600 million has already been spent in July of this year.
Frontex must become a real border protection agency.
In Parliament, we have only discussed the framework agreement on comprehensive partnership and cooperation between the EU and Vietnam, and in the Committee on Foreign Affairs we have come to the recommendation to approve the agreement.
Last week in Strasbourg, we discussed with Commissioner Malmström the EU-Vietnam Free Trade Agreement, which has now been ratified.
For me, this is the point where I ask myself the question: what are we actually doing now?
David McAllister (PPE).
Digital economy: There will have to be substantial changes in merger control and antitrust proceedings, otherwise the market-changing position of digital companies will not be met.
Marcus Pretzell (ECR).
Europe without Poland would be a torso.
A rapid end to the War in Syria is more necessary than ever.
Thank you, Mr Schwab.
When I set up home terminals 25 years ago for the employees of IBM-Deutschland, it was badly fought by trade unions, churches, but also by politicians and the media.
Petra Kammerevert, draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education.
The good intentions of the report do not fit with the ideological solutions that exceed the competences of the European Union, thus violating the principle of subsidiarity in the field of education.
\u2012 The Matera report contains some good proposals such as improving childcare and improving data collection on the role of women in self-employed occupations.
The second is also clear: the whole of Europe has performance limits.
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 162(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
But without sufficient efforts of the Moldovan elites, there will be no improvement.
The vote will take place on Thursday, 21 January 2016.
There are conflicts and developments in the world where one wonders why the political reason of the world community is not able to bring it to a political solution.
On the other hand, of course, there are also sensitive sectors.
Countries such as the US, Pakistan and Turkey will be very impressed.
In the CARIFORUM Agreement, for example, the ILO is included and the question of what sort of dispute resolution is going to look like: what mechanisms are there?
That is not how we, as partners, will be able to deal with each other in the future, to make this very clear!
That, too, is the stability that we need in the region, namely to rebuild a destroyed country of 23 million inhabitants and to ensure that peace is achieved in at least one part of that region.
This will have a negative economic impact on the EU single market and a significant burden on travellers.
On the one hand, we have those who say that the companies are dairy cows, that we have to pay even less tax.
Mr McAllister, if you can still tolerate it, i would also like to congratulate you on this.
Unfortunately, riots on the streets in Priština and members of the Kosovo Parliament wearing breathing masks have shaped the public image of Kosovo in recent months.
There may be bad things to expect in Italy and in this direction if there is no progress in this area by spring.
Ulrike Trebesius (ECR).
In a free Europe, women must also be able to move freely in public places at night without fear.
In fact, it was German school leaders who asked students to dress in such a way as not to provoke the refugees from a nearby refugee shelter.
But if this is to be the door opener, as will be decided on the Union in the future, then we will continue to lose credibility.
It is the hundreds of thousands of people who have come to Greece in the last two months.
That is a number of Europol, without this institution it would not have the number at all.
The European Semester is part of an attempt at economic governance in the European Union.
The same applies to the average unemployment rate, which is 9.2 percent and 10.6 percent higher, respectively, than in the US, for example, at just under five percent.
Markus Ferber, on behalf of the PPE Group.
And if we now grant these trade facilitations, Then I hope that Tunisia will also become more cooperative in this area and help us to solve our problems.
Some of us, the Liberals, are not quite enthusiastic either, because there are exceptions that come out of this regulation.
Yes, we praise Turkey for accepting almost three million refugees and at the same time declare that, as a continent with 500 million inhabitants, we are overwhelmed with such a number – that is embarrassing!
Yesterday I discussed your draft report with volunteers.
These family reunifications would further exacerbate the situation in the EU.
But how can such a ban be enforced if we have zoos with 200 000 or more animals, chickens specifically?
That is what we would do in such a situation.
We believe that turkey's full membership is not positive for both sides.
I quote:
When you hear the figures, you are very frightened: four million people, 40 countries are now affected.
The corresponding report by Mr Šoltes is therefore removed from the agenda.
And I think that 600 years is enough to be considered indigenous, as a neighbour, as a colleague at work, and – I may say this, at least for the European left – as friends.
The latter is not difficult for us, because Roma are real citizens of the world, not only because they have never, and at no time, even instigated any war, but because Roma have enriched and enriched society in many countries of the world and continue to do so today, as the Canadian writer Ronald Lee, the Austrian jazz guitarist Harri Stojka, the world citizen and civil rights activist Romani Rose, the singer Marianne Rosenberg, the boxer Johann Wilhelm Trollmann, who like 500
I cannot give the floor to every group in every debate on nine, ten, sometimes 15 or 18 requests in the catch-the-eye procedure.
I am convinced of this – in a committee of inquiry to clarify the outstanding issues, particularly in relation to the Panama papers.
A central development policy perspective is lacking for the countries of the region, which, while offering products of interest to the EU with oil, gas and other raw materials, cannot develop their own democratic, socially and economically sustainable perspective.
In this context, I am grateful to civil society initiatives for closing this gap.
Europol: Voluntary collection of information has failed.
Security is an essential prerequisite for a stable and prosperous Europe.
Eugen Freund (S&D), in writing.
Jens Gieseke (PPE), in writing.
As a European politician, It is too little to me in that I sometimes want to offer more to my workers in Europe that they will also be able to draw up appropriate regulations here in the digital age.
The accession negotiations between the EU and Turkey are not interrupted, they are broken.
But if you say here that you are making a proposal here for the opening of further chapters, without prejudice to the positions of certain Member States, and at the same time we know that without a consensus of the Member States there will be no openings, then it is clear from the outset that this is desperately holding on to a failed process, that there is no courage here to create a new basis for good relations with Turkey.
Now there is a report by the Basel Committee which states that, for a sample of nine Member States examined, some banks are not in line with the Basel legal framework.
This is evidenced by the figures from the Frontex border agency.
I believe that at the moment in Greece we cannot talk at all about the rule of law in the procedure, and that is the first European responsibility.
Contrary to those who accuse us of this, I can only say that I have always opposed Turkey's accession from the outset and always.
The Member States' agreement with Turkey is not the right answer to the refugee situation.
They should have happened earlier, and you have to watch closely whether all of this is going to develop as planned.
The S&D Group has requested that a statement by the Commission and the Council on recent developments in Poland and its impact on fundamental rights be included on the agenda as the second item on the agenda following the Pirinski report.
But we are not talking about populist proposals, but about the future of these very people.
I hope that the discharge procedure is not a formal act, but also contributes to improving the way in which it works, especially in the case of these three agencies – EBA, ESMA and EIOPA.
But also our claim that work must be done here far from any ideology must really apply.
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned.
I do not know how they intend to resolve this contradiction.
The debate on the Turkey agreement is going on in public and there is a lot of criticism.
These are the wishes that are on the table and which have much to do with reforms, with changes.
This World Summit on Humanitarian Aid must send a signal.
And when I think now that china alone exported 134 million tonnes of steel worldwide in 2015 – thank God only 7.5 million to the Union – and China has 400 million tonnes of overcapacity, i am very concerned.
We need fast, flexible and sharp trade defence instruments.
I hear these concerns, I take them seriously, and I represent them here.
Please let us argue on the matter and not become polemical.
We do not have to vote on fundamental rights, human rights and solidarity, but to live and abide by them.
We need to shape our refugee strategy on our own.
Trade with Erdoğan is likely to fail, which is good news.
Michel Reimon (Verts/ALE), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
I am convinced that we need data transfer to the United States, and we also need legal certainty, both for our citizens, but also for our businesses, especially our small and medium-sized enterprises, which are precisely not able to secure themselves through standard contractual clauses or other instruments.
This is because only the weakest areas will be phased out of production, and in other areas production will be expanded.
Europe's voice is also heard in Bangladesh, so we are still trying to avert it.
This could also be concluded if we know that Galileo, for example, has been co-financed from the agricultural budget, but not when you read this report.
Just as we have given the Data Protection Supervisors a key role in Europol, this must also apply here to the linking of these databases.
On the one hand, there are shortcomings on the part of the Member States when it comes to the effective exchange of data and the mutual trust measures lead to the actual merging of the relevant data.
Both colleagues are above all suspicion.
We call on the Cambodian Government to release human rights activists without delay and to respect and protect the right to freedom of expression and assembly.
Our urgent resolution today was triggered by the violent suppression of peaceful protests in connection with a massive environmental disaster.
I have taken this up with the example of the Energy Efficiency Directive and I am grateful that many points have also remained in the report, namely that we need to move more towards innovation for efficiency and not just rely on the constraint on savings, that the flexibility of the directive remains so that the Member States have incentives for new measures.
Conventional energy sources remain an important component to ensure security of supply.
It is hardly worth commenting on Mr Farage, because we do not know whether everything he claims today will be true in two weeks' time.
In other words, the legislation that will be adopted tomorrow is one step, and the strategy that can be further developed is the other.
This legal loophole certainly includes access by the Supervisory Committee to the documents and certainly also the handing over of the final report to persons under OLAF investigations.
The debate is closed.
Barbara Kappel (ENF), in writing.
Two weeks after the referendum on the euro, the pound fell by nine per cent and the dollar by 11 per cent.
I would seek every responsibility, every central responsibility for the way London has developed, with the British Government, not only with the last government, but also with some before it.
We had already discussed it last week: there is a problem in London and none in Berlin, Rome or Paris.
With your vision of Europe, which has been rejected by the British and which is also rejected by many other people in Europe, are you still the right man to lead the European Commission?
It has no consultative character, it has decisive character.
We are primarily concerned with headings 3 and 4, security and citizenship and Europe in the world.
The next item is the debate on the statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy on new initiatives related to the Middle East peace process (2016/2818(RSP)).
Is it not the case that every special representative is somehow acting like a small foreign minister.
We must ask them to keep Ecofin and Parliament regularly informed of the work in the Basel Committee before we start legislation.
Albert Deß, on behalf of the PPE Group.
It must finally be over that business models are preferred in Europe, which are purely aimed at exploitation and purely at undercutting competition.
Unfortunately, we have to note that often, out of the capitals, out of national selfishness, this work is blocked in the border regions, that its own legal system, which is often not yet aligned with that of neighbouring countries, is held higher than territorial cooperation.
However, more than two-thirds of the population are still living in extreme poverty, because president Bongo's family has been exploiting the country's wealth for decades and generating billions of foreign currency revenues, including in EU Member States.
Ana Gomes cited some country examples here.
Economic development also includes support for vocational training, for example.
Now probably already sit in the restaurant and eat good food here in Strasbourg.
Women are particularly often affected here – in the care industry, in households, etc.
And this becomes clear when we consider that it was the net contributors states that enforced this deletion.
The third, structural reforms: many, many explanations, too.
There has been a lot of talk about putting Russia in the corner because of the role it unfortunately plays in Ukraine and Crimea, for example.
The aim is to maximise the benefits of cross-border competition and to provide the right signals and incentives for meaningful investment.
Jens Gieseke (PPE), in writing.
This is particularly evident in the area of knowledge and innovation transfer and transregional transport links.
That is why I reject this report.
But it is the policy that could fall into the hands of companies with a forward-looking, long-term industrial policy, in this case in the construction sector and in public transport.
And I am very grateful to you for finding the right lever, even if it rewards those who are to be punished – the profiteer is the State of Ireland, which receives these unpaid taxes here – but it is the right lever, because you, as the Commission, also have the power to act accordingly.
If we find that the ordinary citizen, the employed person, the small and medium-sized businessman has to pay the taxes that the State has set, but all those who work cross-border, who operate in many Member States, can negotiate their own tax rates, then we are on the road.
This would put an end to the problem of profit shifts.
In any case, I come from a region where we now have a firmly established second service provider, which also supplies mountain areas and rural areas.
But we have also heard that it is not yet working in a number of regions.
I would go so far as to say that it is even catastrophic.
That is why these desired activities can only really be tackled if the Member States are prepared to provide additional resources.
The debate between North and South on the euro issue, the debate between East and West on migration, and a few days ago, one more came up with the idea of now requesting the exclusion of a Member State.
However, I do not call for a debt cut, because it would be pointless for Greece's inefficient and corrupt economy and administration without serious changes.
Bernd Lucke, on behalf of the ECR Group.
The funding must also be carefully examined, because, after all, the consequence should not be to remove the funding base even further from the well-functioning but already hopelessly underfunded educational programmes.
This needs to be made clear, and we must also give a bit of emphasis to the fact that everyone is there.
They face very different standards of protection in the various Member States.
Sven Schulze (PPE), in writing.
As the record of such agreements so far is rather sobering, I am rather critical of this resolution.
Until now, agreement between the EU and THE ACP has only been on the need to promote the political and economic integration of the ACP regions.
I fear, however, that something good and ambitious will not come out of this as in Paris.
This is something that I have not yet penetrated here.
But you can also say.
A military victory by either side against the Assad regime would therefore not bring any progress.
They wanted to get the Council to understand at last that it must rely on common foundations based on solidarity, return to them and stop everyone wanting to cook their own cup of tea within the Council, within the European Union.
And I believe that when it comes to the issues of a headquarters, a permanent structured corporation, the issues that have to do with the European Defence Agency and all these issues are important: we are throwing out too much money because the nation states do not cooperate sensibly in these areas.
\u2012 I am voting in favour of this resolution.
Barbara Kappel (ENF), in writing.
Here, we must ensure uniform safety standards in Europe.
While Members of the European Parliament are making every effort to emphasise the rule of law, the EU as a whole has little credibility.
In theory, however, someone could go and say: I would like Wednesday morning to be no longer a sitting day.
The European Commission's response was: more European Union, more centralisation.
Is this the Commission's resettlement policy, which promises EUR 10 000 for each resettled refugee?
some other Member States have voluntary obligations.
Why don't we finally move on?
Dare to think big!
Last year, our group was on the way to refugees in several countries.
However, before I call on it, ladies and gentlemen, a communication on administrative matters.
(Loud applause)
D'autres sujets ont été abordés.
Peter Jahr (PPE).
There is no doubt about the functioning of the existing ERASMUS+ programme, as it opens up the EU to pupils, apprentices and students.
In the logic of the current majority in the European Parliament, this is also understandable, as Parliament has in recent years irresponsibly demanded more resources than the Commission proposed, and at the same time always rejected all proposals for cuts from the Council at first.
\u2012 I agree with the mid-term review of the Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF).
\u2012 The general objective of the Regulation is to reduce the risks posed by new pests and diseases.
In most cases, however, we encounter formal errors, improper tenders or the settlement of ineligible costs.
Or unaccompanied refugees.
This is exactly how positive, sustainable economic and financial development emerges.
Turkey has closed only one of the 34 accession chapters.
This needs to be changed
However, it is important to ensure that national authorities are able to process this information through sufficiently qualified staff and that the data are kept confidential.
The report calls for photovoltaic systems on the buildings of the port terminals.
It is clear that these people are waging this war only because they receive weapons.
It is too little to hope that the process will eventually get under way, and there is no room for mutual apportionment of blame.
\u2012 This own-initiative report by S&D MEP Paşcu calls for a strengthening of the EU's Common Security and Defence Policy (CSDP), taking into account the current crises and in particular the annexation of Crimea.
I would like to express my thanks to our rapporteur, Mr Maurel, who has tried massively to push this through, unfortunately failed in the resistance of the Council – who otherwise spends a great deal of money on things that are very doubtful.
This will be the nail test as early as next week, Commissioner, in the winter package that we will then receive from you.
I can only give the thanks to parliament's rapporteur selectively.
\u2012 This motion for a resolution rightly points to the very problematic situation in Turkey with regard to respect for fundamental rights, the persecution of journalists and the repression of the political opposition.
However, this position, which currently does not have a majority in the European Parliament, must be promoted further.
The measures taken by Erdoğan must be strongly condemned.
It is not for the EU to sign such an agreement on behalf of its Member States
I believe that our Commissioner, Kristalina Georgieva – And I would like to thank her very much – brought the negotiations to a positive end even at four o'clock in the morning, with full dynamism, with full commitment and with all her charisma.
I would be grateful if you would confirm briefly that my fellow Members will not be completely irritated if I simply continue to speak after three minutes.
But there is no clarity as to whether the US government will undertake the necessary legislative reforms to ensure that passenger and bank data actually fall within the scope of the agreement.
Thank you very much.
It completes existing agreements with the US that regulate access to passenger data and financial transactions.
Unfortunately, this compromise does not reflect the central demands of the European Parliament at first reading.
But what if suddenly life-threatening happens?
If you want to regain confidence, if you want to make more advertising for the EU, then we should start here and, in particular, clarify these accusations that are being made to you.
So much for that.
Because of the fears – this is what drives the populists forward.
And it is long overdue to make the electricity market fit for renewables throughout Europe.
And last but not least, what is always happening here in Parliament and what I fear again: ever more, ever higher, ever faster targets – this competition does not bring us any further.
Nadija, you once said, "Telling my story and reliving the horror is not an easy task, but the world needs to know."
Beatrix von Storch (EFDD), in writing.
\u2012 I voted in favour of the annual report on the situation of fundamental rights of the EU in 2015.
Among them we find positive approaches, such as the use against female genital mutilation or against human smuggling.
Sven Schulze (PPE), in writing.
I cannot and will not support this misconduct.
According to the rapporteur, the instrument of risk management of the second pillar of the current CAP to limit the impact of price fluctuations on farmers' incomes is completely unsuitable – hence the need for a revision of the current CAP.
This is something that should not be measured by double standards in Europe– whether it is now in Sweden, Austria or Greece.
There is still time for the Polish Government to turn to the opposition and to take seriously the recommendations of the Venice Commission.
Notre crédibilité dépend aussi de notre capacité à ne pas être seulement une puissance douce.
Migration, asylum and social progress – important things should be brought forward.
The European Parliament's interest group strongly supports today's resolution, which calls on The Chinese authorities to stop their activities at long last.
\u2012 I voted in favour of the resolution because I believe that it is appropriate to revise the regulation on paediatric medicinal products.
Due to the effect of chemotherapeutic drugs prescribed in highly toxic doses and currently administered, two-thirds of survivors suffer from treatment-related side effects and up to 50% of survivors suffer from severe side effects.
\u2012 I am clearly in favour of the creation of an incentive system for research into paediatric medicines against cancer, and I support this demand.
Competition is also often distorted by unfair subsidies or practices.
\u2012 This resolution deals with the opening up of European airspace to third-country airlines.
Rest assured that we will do one thing – Mr Borg, tell colleagues among the Finance Ministers: we will not rest.
We know from numerous testimonies, including from the International Monetary Fund, that there will be no way past state insolvencies in the eurozone.
The report does both in principle.
This voluntary work, this voluntarily sought-after front, is being carried out in spite of war and occupation by Russia.
This could be the first step towards a complete annexation of the occupied territories.
In this respect, I would also like to respond.
It is also up to the EU institutions to ensure the right balance between the necessary European supervision and the necessary national supervision, because both are justified and belong together.
First of all, briefly to my person, because I believe that it has a certain symbolic content for the development of Europe.
International terrorism cannot be dealt with by national methods alone.
What is good about this directive is obvious.
Transport is, of course, an issue which is particularly affected by the automatic sector.
Thank you very much.
All previous calculations confirm this.
This is based on the emission of pollutants.
Something has to be done here!
If we cannot reach agreement among the 27, either in terms of objectives or pathways, then those who want to move forward in various areas should be allowed to make further progress where they consider them necessary.
I believe that perhaps we should reconsider the cultural approach that you have put forward here very nationalistally.
Gesine Meissner (ALDE).
I know how toxic it is from a young age, because my mother has always told us that we should not drop the thermometer, which used to measure fever, where liquid mercury can be seen, for God's sake, because otherwise it would actually release harmful substances and also harm us.
It was a sometimes rather tedious one, but I believe that the final product we have created here is a very gratifying collaboration.
The report provides the right impetus to ensure a higher level of traceability for our food by helping to strengthen existing rules and ensure the adoption of new rules, at least in theory.
Udo Voigt (NI).
Last night we discussed here that millions of people in the sub-Saharan countries are at risk of acute starvation and that the causes of this are largely political because corrupt leaders and terrorist groups are fighting for power, money and influence there.
A genuine common foreign policy can only work if the Member States commit themselves to a method of solidarity and then implement them.
But it needs political leadership, no multiple choice and no excuses.
It is a good thing that Europe has its own presence there.
These possibilities must be preserved!
And yes, Parliament took part in this game in the end, that is right.
I would like to end by calling for senator Leila de Lima to be released without delay, to drop all charges against her and to ensure her safety in custody.
If we do not want more people to come, because hunger allows them nothing else – poverty, fear of dictatorship and war – then we must act.
David McAllister (PPE), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
Firstly, the EU budget obviously has billions to reallocate.
It cannot be that we in Europe do not have a legal framework for collective actions.
No, we still need diesel technology for many, many years.
This was an important debate.
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 162(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
But dear friends, my joy is not unclouded.
But we know about our possibilities, including their limits.
It is the social climate that we need to change.
That means giving us rules for this behaviour.
Yes, it is important that Facebook can delete inflammatory statements, but then it needs a final decision in court.
From this summer, stays of up to 90 days will be exempt from the visa requirement if you have a biometric passport.
I would also like to thank Mr Vajgl for his good report, even though we cannot vote on it today.
Birgit Sippel (S&D).
Conservative David Cameron will go down in history as a man whose short-term populist successes were more important than the fate of all these people.
Josef Weidenholzer, on behalf of the S&D Group.
It is indeed crucial that we carry out qualitatively effective and efficient controls.
Europe is at a crossroads today.
However, the Court of Auditors' reports, all the work, the consideration of the employment agencies, have shown that they are very valuable instruments for the implementation of the demands that we have as a European organisation, whether it is in the environment or in the health sector.
That is why criticism is always right – and we need to develop further, but when you look at the picture as a whole, I think that has been quite a big step forward.
Their recent economic analyses were very impressive – the problems of southern Europe are due to too much alcohol and women!
If a third of the food we produce is disposed of, then there is no reason for me to continue this agricultural policy as it stands.
Yes, in a nutshell: I asked you where do you take the certainty of hearing the truth from the Us State Department?
Our demand is that all prisoners imprisoned for sexual orientation should therefore be released.
We must support them.
The development of the eurozone and the fate of millions of people depend on its decisions.
These innovations must be made possible through digitisation, through sharing economy.
Practicality of driving and rest periods is another key word.
And if we now find a system that perhaps builds a bit far on the German system and then enables digital solutions with which we can be active across borders – yes, why not?
Economically, this agreement is certainly a success.
In this respect, our question is indeed: how can we improve implementation?
Moreover, we cannot solve everything at all, and part of the responsibility lies with the Member States.
It's so easy to think in, but it's obviously still too complex for the Brexit camp.
Yes, at first sight, and as far as I can judge so far, I am actually positively surprised when it comes to the working conditions of lorry drivers.
Catch-the-eye procedure
Madam President, Commissioner, representative of the Council, I would like to thank the Rapporteur for the excellent work he has done.
And there are many incidents in Sri Lanka where this is not happening.
The Commission wants a common budget, Eurobonds and, of course, a euro treasury by 2025.
I should also like to take this opportunity to remind you that there is also the Commission's White Paper on the five scenarios.
There are only 46% of the original population, which has a high level of languages and tribes, so it is unlikely to clean up there.
We voted in favour of the approval of glyphosate for another seven years – but with significant restrictions on use.
There are previously unresolved doubts about glyphosate, and you are consistently ignoring that.
You are completely ignoring the dangers to biodiversity, and you are now saying: business as usual, this can continue.
I can only warn Mr Juncker's Commission that this is not just about health, it is not just about agriculture – this is about confidence in Europe.
Haradinaj made the election promise of a 90-day visa waiver for the Union.
And with this policy you will not save Europe, you will not save the eurozone, but you will destroy the European Union.
And then we must remember that democracy and the rule of law must be filled with values behind it.
Proposals for tax fairness are already on the table, such as the public country-by-country reporting of multinationals.
Do they comply with environmental standards?
If I park incorrectly, I also get a problem.
We cannot allow this to happen.
Monsanto sat at the negotiating table, the nuclear lobby sat at the negotiating table.
And the third wish: of course, in all the things we do, we should make sure that it is feasible and that it also takes place in a non-bureaucratic way, because in the end, people and medium-sized enterprises must be able to apply it.
You will see this: this issue has been raised in every speech so far.
I did not want to ask Mr Auštrevičius a question, but I would like to ask Mr Mureşan a question.
I believe that, when it is implemented, this paper contains many interesting elements, starting from the operating cap for large enterprises, so that we can achieve budgetary policy objectives for new priorities, but also improve existing policies.
The crucial point, however, is that if, for my part, the proposal is on your table in May or June next year, then there are two great time slots for the discussions in Parliament and the Council, and ultimately in the European Council.
The vote will take place tomorrow, Wednesday, 5 July 2017.
Google, Starbucks and Amazon chose the countries with the best tax advantages, and criminals chose the countries with the weakest justice.
This does not help the country, but only a few large owners in that country.
I therefore ask colleagues to vote in favour of the threshold of EUR 750 million during the vote this afternoon, not to go further.
This is a clear violation of our fundamental principles.
Above all, I would like to focus on a sustainability objective, which until now, apart from all others, has only been mentioned by Commissioner Vella himself.
The answers you give to our questions are prepared by a non-competent Commissioner – you are not responsible – and they are read out – prepared statements prepared by an official.
Of course, agriculture and forestry must make their contribution.
The Social Democrats in this House are in favour of transparency in the representation of interests vis-à-vis the European institutions.
I believe that we should rather keep or even increase the financial resources in order not to shift expenditure to the future and to implement these projects later than the Americans or Asians.
I would like to express my sincere thanks to Cristian Preda for this report and for putting India at the heart of our deliberations.
Then everyone has some of it.
Therefore, it makes no sense to offer Wi-Fi in a public place if there is no powerful network behind it.
Thirdly, the diesel scandal is a political scandal.
It is not tolerable and belongs punished.
That's to cry, this game!
Mesdames et Messieurs les députés, nous présentons aujourd'hui même une nouvelle stratégie industrielle pour l'Europe, qui permettra à notre industrie de rester ou de devenir le numéro un en matière d'innovation, de numérisation et de décarbonisation.
Elsewhere, they don't mean much.
L'efficacité européenne gagnerait en force si nous pouvions fusionner les présidences du Conseil européen et de la Commission européenne.
It is now clear that we have the debate, that we are getting it.
Commissioner Vella said just now that you will work to improve these periods in the future.
But the Finance Minister is nothing more than the continuation of the fiscal pact.
The challenges of recent times have put our citizens' confidence in the European and national institutions at a breaking point.
As every year, the Court of Auditors has provided us with a comprehensive activity report.
Günther Oettinger, Member of the Commission.
We are working on this, but at the end of the day we in the European Union depend on the constructive participation of the Member States.
I would ask for your understanding.
But if Mr Orbán does that, he will be criticised.
I believe it is important for all of us that the European Parliament's budget also sets priorities.
I cannot therefore understand, Minister, why you are concerned here about the European Parliament's proposals for an increase in the amount of EUR 416 million in research policy and over EUR 800 million for better transport routes and transnational electricity routes in Europe.
That is why I appeal to you.
And what we are doing with PESCO is only a lame start, but we should move forward here.
It is probably due to my East German biography that I have a strong distrust of such data collections.
In recent days, social media has been all about sexual harassment in the workplace, as thousands of brave women have shared their experiences and demonstrated the widespread spread of the problem.
I find it scandalous that the United States refuses to reflect on concrete progress and even refuses to put a text on the table at all.
Mr President, Commissioner Vella, ladies and gentlemen.
In fact, everything we can read now in the Paradise Papers seems like a déjà vu: tricky tax savings models, letterbox companies, dodgy law firms specialising in legal, semi-legal and also illegal tax practices.
Elmar Brok (PPE).
In other words, European farmers have come into the grip of the superpowers who, if they like, are making great policies at the expense of third parties, namely small and medium-sized enterprises, our farmers.
No one can tell me that, for example, a hotspot like moria, which is permanently overcrowded – instead of 2 500 there are 5 000 to 6 000 refugees there – can be made winter-proof.
That is the point that I would ask the Council to address and say: let us not talk about general matters, but let us become concrete.
We should urgently review the effectiveness of this aid, after a Court of Auditors report also raises serious doubts about the effectiveness and efficiency of this facility.
This can become an area fire that cannot be indifferent to us.
As a citizen of a net contributor Member State, I am proud of the fact that part of the money taxpayers give to the European budget from Germany, among other things, goes to Bulgaria for infrastructure projects.
In other words, we are basically only a fortyth to a fiftieth of what is spent from public funds, actually a very economical event.
This is probably the least budget the European Union has ever had in this sense.
If we start from the climate budgets, the CO2 budgets that remain for us, then if you manage the energy sector as you are now planning, we would have to decarbonise completely after 2030 to 2040 in ten years' time.
And in order to make the best use of the pipeline infrastructure, connections – interconnectivity – are needed, and here I welcome the Commission's proposal to increase the interconnectivity target from now 10% to 15% by 2030.
Turning to the transatlantics among us, I make it clear that the possibilities offered by the EU Treaty are very much in line with our NATO commitments.
Marcus Pretzell (ENF).
We cannot develop a coherent European foreign policy if EU Member States continue to export uncoordinated weapons and ammunition to third countries.
However, what is now before us here in plenary is already annoying: we have a total of 38 amendments and split votes plus 12 more, that is, 50 motions by the Christian Democrats, 34 of the Liberals, which aim to weaken this report by a majority.
The Pillar of Social Rights is a first important step.
Jo Leinen (S&D).
Fascism is not an opinion, but a crime.
That is why I place particular emphasis on your support on this issue.
I think that the Plenary will vote on the report today in such a way that the report will be put back to order, also in your interest, so that your 99% where you have done a good job will also be in the Minutes.
This is still happening today, and we are fighting against it.
The development of global production and value chains and investments requires new regulatory frameworks that can implement the goals of sustainable development clearly defined in agenda 2030.
This is the issue of migration, this is the fight against tax havens, that is the fight against social inequality.
A transparent, improved monetary policy dialogue, for example involving the national parliaments, as we did in the European Semester, would be desirable.
Anyone who wants to continue running old dirt throws will be punished.
I do not want to provoke a debate either.
Knut Fleckenstein (S&D).
More journalists are imprisoned in Turkey than in any other country.
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 162(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
And to all those who travel home on the German side, let's say that we have a special day in carnival;
Stupid, but then the prosecution just makes him a witness himself, and so on and so forth in the script.
I can almost agree with what you said at the beginning of the debate.
Udo Voigt (NI).
However, the decision to halve the list 49 days after its publication raises concerns about the transparency of the Code of Conduct Group.
Sven Giegold (Verts/ALE).
It is certainly fully suitable for the task.
I always have to ask myself what I can actually achieve.
We call for no reduction in the Structural Funds, no use of subsidies for sanctioning purposes, and certainly not for arms purposes.
After all, we are talking about 10% of own resources with a financial framework of around EUR 1000 billion.
Günther Oettinger, Member of the Commission.
An upturn is evident in all Member States.
We must also try harder to create common standards here.
Mr. Trump reacts like a defiant child and says, yes, well, then I'll do even more.
And fourthly, we have to talk.
That is why either the social partners or the state, if necessary, must provide the appropriate framework.
I am all the more surprised that the Commission is once again only coming up with an action plan.
My group is really concerned about the lack of seriousness with which this issue has been chosen as a matter of urgency here.
Michel Reimon (Verts/ALE).
Next week's Brussels Donors' Conference on Syria should focus on the following areas: protection of civilians, humanitarian aid and support for refugees, prospects for a peaceful Syria.
We have already heard it today, the list of Russian aggression is long: from Crimea to eastern Ukraine, to the continuing attempts to destabilize countries such as Georgia or Moldova, to the events in Salisbury, to cyberattacks, to disinformation campaigns, to support for the barbaric Assad regime in Syria.
Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
Nord Stream 2 would increase Europe's gas dependence on Russia, at a time when, as you said earlier, it is important for Europe to have a clear common position with Russia.
We at the Court of Auditors attach great importance to this new approach, because we believe that it offers the opportunity to provide better information to our stakeholders, but also to citizens, by creating more capacity for better audits.
Finally, we are making decisions that affect 510 million Europeans, and we must be extremely careful with taxpayers' money.
The first basis for this is databases in all Member States, not just some.
We support all this with the text to be adopted.
We do not want to force, we want to clarify.
It is ridiculous to say that two Greek officers who have actually lost their way on the border pose a threat to Turkey.
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned.
I am open to more targeted, more targeted support.
It should be between 10 and 12% of revenue over the course of the period.
The debate is closed.
This means that we need to develop this House further;
If large farms are to be capped, it must be ensured that the money remains in the agricultural budget and benefits medium-sized and smaller farms and young farmers.
This would also make Hamas' responsibility public.
That is why the European Court of Justice has ruled that trade agreements with Morocco must not relate to products from these areas.
That is why I say that both 1.3 and 1.114 do not break the fabric of Europe's levels – the European level, the national level, the regional level, the local level, the social level.
And unfortunately, unfortunately, no one here has stressed this yet.
That is why this bill of the so-called net payer is increasingly a fake.
It is not about more military, it is about more efficient investment in defence at European level.
Why?
Secondly, I think I have heard a little over 30 speeches and speakers who have been largely critical to negative about pre-accession aid to Turkey and have said that these pre-accession aid should be stopped.
Of the speakers who spoke today, one was from Austria, one of the countries – Austria and Denmark are the two – who are in favour of ending the accession process.
I am sure that my colleagues, if they have evidence, will also pass it on to you.
That's something which has to be welcomed, because the dialogue between governments and the European Parliament is as important as the dialogue between the Commission and the European Parliament.
Par conséquent, je serai très bref.
Elle sera différente de celle d'aujourd'hui, ce qui nourrit chez moi quelques inquiétudes.
It is quite clear: because here the euro constantly forces the potentially largest creditor – namely Germany – to constantly impose rules on the potentially largest debtor – namely Italy.
I would also like to thank all the speakers for their positive contributions.
I would like to begin by thanking you very much, Mrs Mogherini, for the comprehensive presentation of the situation and also personally – I believe on behalf of all the Members who are interested in foreign affairs in this Parliament – for your very personal commitment to this very important issue.
I would like to thank Mr Paşcu warmly for his very timely report.
Joachim Starbatty (ECR).
Because where taxes come from, liability must also remain.
I am very critical of the Commission's proposal, as we know, for two reasons: firstly, I consider it unnecessary, unnecessary, and, on the other hand, I believe that it does not solve the problems that we certainly have in the European internal market.
Let us devote ourselves intensively to Africa, the Caribbean and the Pacific – together, but still separately!
I can only appeal: start again to publish the anti-corruption reports systematically!
It calls for the nuclear agreement with Iran to be adhered to.
It is good to have you here, Mr Tusk.
This is not about protecting drivers or protecting workers coming from Eastern Europe to Western Europe.
We will have to work together a lot, as in the past.
We want a European Union that is limited to its core competences.
I can only say that anyone who still says that it is complicated is simply malicious and does not know himself at all.
I would like to give you a proposal for simplification, which concerns public procurement.
Then, in a hard fight with the Council, we have achieved that there is so-called fresh money.
However, I see significant risks to freedom of expression and information.
That is why we hope for a strong Congress that, after the midterm elections, puts this president in his place.
The alternative is, of course, a method of capital isation, and this method of capitalisation is now being made madig by colleagues on the left and by colleagues on the far right.
I am pleased that parliament's report, which was adopted by a large majority in this House on 5 July, has also confirmed that we have achieved a great deal of agreement on the priorities we set for the European Union for 2019 and beyond.
And then, as Jo Leinen has just said, it does indeed offer many opportunities to rely on new product lines, on alternative materials that we can use, or also on start-ups that, for example, clean the ocean and eliminate rubbish everywhere.
Multi-resistant germs infect millions of patients in European hospitals every year and are estimated to be responsible for 90 000 preventable deaths.
In fact, we must also point out that more antibiotics are used in animal fattening than in human beings.
I am very grateful to you for saying where the hindrance is and who is blocking it.
Big internet companies like Facebook, Google & Co. must finally pay their taxes!
The real problem was: will the European authorisation and authorisation procedure meet the self-righteous objectives?
But then you have to go through 28 different procedures in 28 countries and collect additional data – scientific data – to answer the questions they have about this drug.
No, the European Union must proactively influence this debate and bring it forward, so that we can ultimately take up this united nations approach, which is already 40 years old, and impose a clear duty of care for businesses.
That is the reality!
But it is a disregard for those who listen outside via webstream.
Jo Leinen (S&D), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
We cannot explain why we are discussing 30%, 40%, 50% to 80% here in this Chamber.
We are part of a strong movement of solidarity, democracy and anti-racism.
In and of itself, everything seems clear.
I regret this because I would have liked the British to have been a reform partner.
(The President interrupted the speaker)
However, the EU should not rejoice too soon, because an agreement is more important for the EU than for the British.
Bernd Kölmel (ECR).
That is what we have discussed here in this House.
We must continue to fight in Germany to ensure that we have at least EUR 12 minimum wage.
We hear it from all the speakers: although we have strict anti-money laundering rules, recent examples in banks in the Member States, but also outside the banking sector and outside the European Union, which are closely linked to the European Union, show that our rules are not effectively monitored and enforced everywhere, and that there is a multi-digit billion sum of money laundering within the European Union.
We must not continue to conclude unfair migration deals, deport refugees to non-secure countries and build camps inside and outside Europe.
There are also suspicions, investigations, surveys and results in other Member States.
I cannot allow this to be circumvented.
Let me say, Prime Minister, that it was a pleasure to listen to you.
Udo Bullmann, on behalf of the S&D Group.
It would have been austria's vote to get a majority for 40%, and austria did not deliver here.
Every day, as Finance Minister– including in my own country – I am confronted with the fact that, of course, there must also be awareness that state budgets are financed by taxpayers and that we also bear the responsibility for the decisions we make here in this context.
The Development Committee also called for the first time in this year's decision that the costs of receiving refugees in donor countries should not be included in the calculation of Official Development Assistance as before.
Saudi Arabia should no longer receive arms exports, as the conservatives here in the House have decided.
But the Russian side must know that we are serious.
We have seen this time and again in recent years.
The figures must be understandable and comprehensible to citizens.
A study from Oxford University, in cooperation with Lund University has shown that in Sweden, in the Swedish election, about 30% of online communication was fake news, and that a whole lot of all that fake news was imported from foreign countries.
But you have never appreciated this human dignity with your political clique.
For example, european taxpayers' money would not have created motorways in Greece, where traffic is minimal today.
And it is now being regulated even more.
I would like to highlight three successes: antibiotics must not, under any circumstances, compensate for poor animal husbandry conditions.
Do you want to bring traffic to a complete halt, or what is your idea?
In this way, environmentally friendly rail will be expensive and the environmentally damaging road will be made cheap by politics.
It's almost like a family reunion after the very long and tough negotiations we've been through to get the whole thing going.
We too regret the death of the young man, an Albanian national of the Greek minority.
As you know, it is only the second legislative proposal of all that the European Commission has brought to the European Parliament in the field of competition law, and I believe that the House has been able to resolve the sometimes difficult balancing issues in European competition law sensibly here.
I do not agree with the previous speaker.
I believe that setting goals and setting deadlines is the right way to move forward.
I regret the decision of the citizens of Great Britain, but it must be respected.
However, it is not easy to get a majority in the European Council for this.
But we, as the European Council – in any case Germany, together with France – will very well present visible successes by December.
That Chinese companies are now investing in Germany is okay.
I have to say that the first complaint came under Wolfgang Schüssel in 2006 and that the Roaming Directive was the shortest directive of the European Union, that it succeeded within seven months from The Reding proposal to its implementation in all Member States.
On Brexit, we are swimming in the same channel.
Europe is stronger than ever in history because it is united, because it is economically strong, a factor that some powers in the world do not want to see cooperatively, but want to weaken in competition.
And perhaps the INF Treaty is also an example of putting an international treaty of new bilateral, regional or multilateral nuclear disarmament agreements on the agenda of international security and peace policy.
I can't be an anti-American at all.
I would like to thank Pilar del Castillo and Evžen Tošenovský very much for their reports.
We therefore welcome the need for all new cars to be equipped with digital terrestrial broadcasting for reception in the next two years.
Paul Rübig (PPE), question on the 'blue card' procedure.
The latest report in particular notes that the country is making progress in terms of the political criteria and the five main priorities for eu membership.
more and more countries are recognizing it.
But we can also be part of this solution.
We did not have a German drought this year, we had it all over Europe.
You yourself said today, and we have discussed it long and wide: intellectual property rights, innovation, personal data are not endangered by this draft.
I would like to give a clear response to an impression that has arisen from a speech: that we all have not developed any measures and proposals at all.
What the Austrian Presidency had as its motto – 'A Europe that protects' – is, at last, what you should write in your regular book.
It is now up to the other institutions, particularly the Council, to take decisions.
Then there are some who are upset about the austrian Presidency's record, which has not yet been presented.
Let the people have a say!
The Finance Minister was head of the Audit Authority for EU funds and has proven to have intervened in the work of these authorities.
In the new year, I am willing to respond bilaterally to your questions, perhaps also to respond to them again in the discharge, but, as I said, to report comprehensively to this Parliament before mid-April.
Overall, they say, there are between 6 000 and 8 000 rare diseases in the European Union, but a total of 30 million out of 500 million people are affected – a significant number.
On the whole, I am pleased that we have written a very practical text which has nothing to do with the often summoned Brussels Ivory Tower.
If a head of an advertising agency had to make a film about Europe, he would have to invite all the people of those agencies so that the Interreg projects ...
And that is exactly what we expect from Europe: that Europe is fun.
The assessment of those who think that this is not part of the democratic debate is a fundamental mistake.
Everyone wants us to do more in terms of border protection.
First of all, I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs, the draftsmen of the opinions of advisory committees, my team and their teams for the fact that, in a few months' time and in a pragmatic way, we have been able to draw up a comprehensive report on the Bank's activities in 2017.
As far as the funding side is concerned, I would like to make a comment, Mr President: in 2017, around a third of EIB bonds were issued in dollars.
The focus on protecting the EU's financial interests is important to me.
Bringing together a strong programme of 'rights and values' here in the European Union means, of course, that it will also be implemented in practice in all Member States.
But if the political groups and the Conference of Presidents had considered it right to allow this debate for a longer period of time, they would have done so.
In fact, they are completely intransparent.
So it is not a question of regulating matters, but of not having an agreement, for the different reasons I have outlined.
No, they even show solidarity with this troop of thugs.
This has also been said, and the diktion therefore sets out measures against external intervention.
Some do this, others don't.
I hope that the Fidesz Party will come to its senses here and that its anti-discrimination strategy will then be followed by real action.
Herbert Dorfmann (PPE).
Europe has not shown sufficient solidarity.
The agreements show that, in order to realise our values and interests, Europe is looking for enhanced cooperation with Asia.
Those seeking privileged trade relations with the EU must also ensure a minimum level of workers' rights.
We will certainly have to take further steps in this area.
All this does not have to be counted as driving time – i.e. paid.
The next item on the agenda is the debate on the Council and Commission statements on security threats related to China's increasing technological presence in the EU and possible measures to reduce them at EU level (2019/2575(RSP)).
This means equality, not discrimination, sustainable development and respect for human rights.
I would like to thank the Secretariat, the members of the group and colleagues.
The Commissioner can only be congratulated on the fact that, even with interesting deals, it is not only possible to increase revenues through customs duties, but also to help European companies have a chance on the world market.
I think we are well advised to prepare ourselves as Europeans for attacks of this kind.
In other words, we are a long way behind here.
We are putting an end to the existing fouls of large trading chains at the expense of farmers and other economically dependent suppliers.
For the protection of the companies which are now included in the scope of application goes far beyond the definition of what small and medium-sized enterprises have been to this day.
For example, firstly, all EU citizens will in future be able to support a citizens' initiative, regardless of their place of residence.
But now we have a new opportunity, because Manfred Weber said last week that he would end the accession negotiations if he became President of the Commission.
In my opinion, this has to do with the fact that our experience of organised misinformation, propaganda and incitement in our countries has now gone much deeper.
I would like to enrich the debate with a practical example: every year, as a number of studies have shown, billions of criminal money from criminal transactions are channelled into the German real estate market alone, and dirty money is then laundered.
When I started my studies 30 years ago, the proportion of women in this technical study was 15%, and 30 years later nothing has changed.
What measures do you propose, Prime Minister, to effectively combat long-standing anti-Ziganism?
No one wants to teach your country.
Only in this way can East and West grow together.
At this historic moment, we must not make any more mistakes.
It is a real, real shame that we do not react here and that we continue to die in the Mediterranean without taking action.
The central message was that growth will slow significantly in the coming months.
And rest assured, the 2020 draft will be built on whether the uk's friends are willing to participate in the 2020 budget with all rights and obligations, or whether brexit without an agreement will imply that there will be no deposits from London next year, but no participation in programmes.
Incidentally, for a Brexit gap for the budget framework over the next decade, as the Commission, we have always proposed my formula to offset the Brexit gap by 50% by cuts and 50% by slightly higher deposits.
They should come forward with their demands, they should question us and we should be giving answers.
Unfortunately, it was decided yesterday that the Conference of Presidents would be cancelled today.
It is more than regrettable that the Commission is not very clear on this issue and is already going to make some sort of half-back.
I am therefore pleased that we have now finished our analysis on this issue, which looks at the underlying causes of the record eur 267 billion of outstanding commitments in 2017.
Institution-building, democratisation, the rule of law are also the top priorities of our instrument.
I know that the whole discussion hangs on to the famous Article 13 and everything is focused on it.
The same politicians, who are here fully fighting for the minimum wage, for adequate incomes, ignore here a situation in which capitalist large corporations exploit cultural workers to the point of no longer going.
More than 1200 amendments have been included in the TAX3 report.
Otherwise, I think that the directive really is also a milestone: we simplify the distribution of TV and radio programmes on the Internet by making rights clearing easier.
Because it was freedom of movement that led britons to vote for Brexit.
Do we want to do that, duck away and let this package die?
So much for Mrs Foster, for her attacks on Labour.
Perhaps you will also realise that it is not the way in which the majority of the people here are taking it, but perhaps another way in which European cooperation can find a good future, to cooperate less, to cooperate better and deeper, perhaps a good one, where cooperation is being carried out.
In the past, we have failed to take account of the fact that small, low-risk, local banks should be treated differently from large, internationally riskier banks.
The Deutsche Bundesbank shows a way out of this vicious circle.
Written declarations (Rule 162)
Among the ten largest research companies in the world – among the ten companies doing the most research – there is still a European one.
Because, thank God, children are less likely to develop cancer, but when it happens, it is particularly bad.
My group is ready to do so.
While I warmly welcome the strengthening of Frontex through staff and resources for effective coastal border protection, I regret that Frontex cannot help non-EU states to return to their countries of origin.
That is what the citizens of Europe expect from you.
But here we are talking about bonds issued by banks, which are secured by valuables in a cover pool that is protected from access by other creditors precisely because one can also doubt the creditworthiness of banks.
Othmar Karas, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Under great pressure of time, we had to vote in committee, and there was not enough time for the trialogue either – too little time obviously to find a result that the Council could have agreed to.
Elles portent sur des réformes importantes, notamment le régime d'asile – j'aurais souhaité que nous puissions adopter toutes les directives qui gravitent autour de la nécessaire réforme du régime d'asile.
Paul Rübig (PPE).
Gesine Meissner, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
It was a strange spectacle that you, Mr Weber, who led the campaign for top candidates, were today the first to congratulate and call for the election of Mrs von der Leyen, and the question I ask myself is: do you actually have self-respect?
On the contrary, you are sending the wrong signals in permanence, thus also fulfilling the business of smugglers.
It's not an icon, it's not a saint, it's a lawbreaker.
We shall now move on to the procedure for spontaneous speeches.
Mr Lins.
We Greens very much regret that the European Parliament has not adopted a resolution on forest fires in the Amazon.
Then there should at least be support for the Commission's proposal.
Allow me, first of all, to express my great incomprehension at the fact that two great negotiators – the European Union, but also the United Kingdom, both of which postulate themselves to be great influencers in the Western world – are unable and unable to implement a directly democratic referendum accordingly.
These people are needed.
Did you know that Turkey has an increasing number of child rapes in religious institutions, that workers in Turkey die every day in industrial accidents?
The same applies to the challenges directly related to migration.
Angelika Winzig (PPE).
Please note that, in parallel with the use of the electronic system, a standard application is also possible, i.e. by lifting up a white sheet of paper or by registering personally at the beginning of the debate with colleagues in plenary for spontaneous speeches and by raising a blue card for the blue card procedure.
Please note that, in parallel with the use of the electronic system, a "standard application" (by raising a white sheet of paper or by personally registering at the beginning of the debate with colleagues in plenary for spontaneous speeches and by raising a blue card for the blue card procedure) is also possible.
We have no understanding of this original table position.
It is only in general terms that the Rules of Procedure provide for a balance to be struck.
For it is you – the Left and The Greens – who do not interfere with Germany's anti-Israeli vote at the UN.
While Parliament wants to deviate upwards from the Commission's proposal by EUR 2.7 billion, i.e. proposing a stronger budget, the Council wants to cut commitments by EUR 1.5 billion.
We now have a new agreement, which again creates the legal certainty for an orderly withdrawal of the UK from the European Union.
It is already the third British Prime Minister to deal with this issue, and it has become worse and worse.
Markus Buchheit, on behalf of the ID Group.
Upheavals are associated with pain.
Refugees must be allowed to apply for asylum.
The EU annual budget for 2020 should be a clearly structured budget, a clear overview of expenditure and financial frameworks.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for his excellent report.
Changes are now also being made in the Council.
We will keep this to the Federal Government for years to come.
Banners are not allowed within the Chamber and are contrary to the Rules of Procedure.
I expressly welcome the work and the efforts by the rapporteur, Mr Canfin, to improve the regulation tabled and to put a stop to the gambling.
I can only agree with the rapporteur.
We were also very concerned about the information.
(Applause)
As a very young man in Austria I experienced this revolution, with its great aims of pluralism, freedom of the media and freedom of expression.
A French interim report confirms the positive impact of these measures, which includes maintaining local businesses and, therefore, preserving jobs.
Another important issue concerns the interaction between genetically modified crops, pesticides, radioactive radiation and other chemicals, which has not yet been adequately investigated.
In the normative section, we try to establish a European consensus on what, from our point of view, constitutes democracy, what it absolutely must encompass.
What I said about the Neighbourhood Policy is addressed, first and foremost, to the Vice-President of the Commission.
I believe that Europe should head towards a sound future.
Mr President, there is no other policy area where the European Parliament has so few rights of codecision as in the fields of foreign and, especially, of military policy.
﻿Rainer Wieland (PPE).
However, in order to achieve this, we need to agree on the way in which we will cooperate in future.
It is essential that the previous approach of intensive global cooperation should continue and that further integrationist steps should be taken in this area.
The world was a completely different place 10 years ago.
The next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance.
However I would like to ask whether the European institutions are doing themselves any favours by meeting with Mr Berlusconi on the day he should actually be appearing in court in Italy to answer charges in connection with the prostitution of minors.
In addition, we need a minimum level of consistent sanctions, otherwise the companies will simply move their headquarters to the countries which have the least stringent sanctions.
This is what we are currently discussing.
﻿Cornelia Ernst, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
﻿Mr President, I would like to respond to the speeches made by the Finance Minister and the President of the Commission.
The level of rapprochement with the EU depends on how our neighbours develop in terms of the rule of law and democracy.
﻿President.
How do you actually imagine it will end if we pursue competition for the raw materials of the world by aggressive means?
The Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Cape Verde is classified as important for the EU’s fishing activities, yet at the same time, the fishing activities of the EU in Cape Verde’s waters – according to the evaluation report – will have a minimum impact on sustainability in those waters.
I voted against this report as I reject the notion that, if in doubt, humanitarian assistance and disaster relief should be tackled from within the framework of the common security and defence policy (CSDP).
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
This is superfluous.
I voted against this report because it completely ignores the role of the SMEs.
In view of the fact that 36 million jobs in the EU depend on foreign trade, there is a need for analyses and strategies that will meet the needs of the Union and its citizens.
That is why the European Union exists.
This support makes the European Union a visible presence in the Member States.
I would like to make it quite clear that some enterprises are urgently awaiting this.
That is sufficient incentive to be efficient and the Commission now needs to implement this.
We cannot adopt something that is not even on the table!
We are very much in favour of completing the internal market, but that alone will not generate the necessary growth within the European Union.
The subjects that they had not agreed on.
They would be doing for the first time what needs to be done: winning back confidence in Europe, the confidence of the citizens and of the investors.
The Council is starting to introduce pre-summits and main summits within the space of three days.
The EU must draw the necessary conclusions from this fact and place restrictions on economic migration.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI).
What gives particular cause for concern is the degree to which Italian mafia organisations and other European and non-European criminal organisations (for example, the Russian, Albanian, Turkish and Nigerian mafia), as well as drugs cartels, have created networks in almost all EU Member States.
The Eurobarometer survey has shown how much ignorance there is.
For us it is not an option simply to push this distressful matter out of sight without taking the necessary steps to remove it.
I believe that the rapporteur, Mr Fernandes, has for the first time in years achieved a significant breakthrough in respect of this part of Parliament’s budget, and I am pleased that the cooperation was so constructive, particularly with the Secretariat and the Bureau.
No laws may be enacted that exceed either one of these two ceilings.
In the European Union, that is particularly important in regional policy and represents the second largest budget area.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
Firstly, democracy needs time, Mr Van Rompuy.
The President-in-Office of the Council now tells us that a process that has taken over a year has finally reached a conclusion.
Yes, that is true.
I am convinced that you are paying no attention to major changes.
﻿Constanze Angela Krehl (S&D).
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Estimates indicate that the construction costs for ITER will amount to EUR 6.6 billion.
Therefore, in order to accommodate the current disparity of EUR 2.15 billion, the Euratom budget must be increased by around EUR 3.15 billion to make a total of approximately EUR 5.3 billion.
﻿Elisabeth Köstinger (PPE), in writing.
By May 2012, the EU Commission aims to publish a Consumer Agenda which goes beyond the scope of the 2007-2012 EU consumer strategy.
Penalising democratic decisions, democratic majority decisions, with sanctions or the withdrawal of funds is no way to establish peace in the Middle East.
As a left-leaning politician, I say to you that the Roma do not belong in separate schools, and neither do disabled children.
Therefore, all remaining barriers and market distortions, even those that are tax-related, must continue to be broken down in order to promote cross-border trade and enable a fair distribution of income between the Member States.
This is a further necessary and important step towards a comprehensive international prosecution process.
I would also ask that the European Commission should continuously strive to ensure that Egypt does not just pay lip service to democratic principles, but that it actually puts them into practice.
However, in our opinion it definitely was a failure on the part of the authorities, which were unable to give the people in Split proper protection.
The recommendations of the Council and the Commission are then to be implemented in the second semester.
In the committee’s view, what is now needed is for us to tackle these problems specifically in order to utilise the Structural Funds better and to deal with the causes of the problem.
Finally, the rapporteur calls for the creation of a European Ministry of Finance and a European Treasury able to issue eurobonds in order to prevent the repeat of previous errors.
The other news, which is to say the bad news – and I, personally, am really peeved by this – is that the Member States have more and more new duties for the European Parliament and constantly pass on new functions to us, but then, when it comes to funding, the necessary funds are not handed over along with the responsibilities.
﻿Alexander Graf Lambsdorff (ALDE), Blue-card answer.
It is not right to finance the Defence College via the EU, to open up the Structural Funds to the defence industry, or to fund a military Erasmus Programme out of our budget.
The courage and the lack of fear shown by these people point towards a new era.
This should not, however, lead to the dilution of this regulation in any way.
The banking licence for the EFSF would be the simple and obvious way of achieving this.
If there is no creditor participation, the question which I believe is still outstanding is the entire issue of justice.
We must also exercise this responsibility in the negotiations for the good of the citizens of Europe.
In the second amendment, relating to Article 19 on ‘rules of participation and origin, eligibility for grants’, the demands of the Member States to limit participation in calls for proposals to applicants from those countries participating in the relevant IPA cross-border cooperation programmes were taken into account.
We ought to give Mr Fleckenstein the negotiating mandate soon.
As regards the development of inland waterways, I would also like to take this opportunity to mention once again the planned development of the Danube.
One of them concerns road trains.
Thus, we can say that all the savings made in other sectors using billions of euro of our tax revenues are being eaten up twice and three times over by the transport sector.
The importance of health cannot be emphasised often enough.
Nonetheless, when the Treaties lapse and all restrictions run out, there will be no wave of mass migration to the old Member States from the other Member States.
Transparency and data protection are always in conflict.
﻿Bernd Posselt, on behalf of the PPE Group.
That is not normal.
The next item is the election of the Vice-Presidents of the European Parliament.
Jacek PROTASIEWICZ
This implies that there is no obligation beforehand.
Our consumers cannot understand why many active substances should be more dangerous in some Member States than in others.
In the past Denmark has repeatedly demonstrated that it is not always necessary to go along blindly with the EU mainstream.
Investments in this area pay off in the long term, since damage to the environment is generally very costly.
﻿President.
We should be discussing the related issues here, including democratic values, involvement in society, the prospects of the election and the emergence of a political and civil society in the Russian Federation, particularly against the background of the contradictory experiences of the Russian people during the Yeltsin era.
Even more important are preventive measures to avoid waste, something that is not given enough consideration in the report.
These reduce the physical burden on women and children and give them enough time to make use of educational opportunities.
The draft report was unanimously adopted by the Committee on Legal Affairs, and the opinion was adopted by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs with an overwhelming majority.
The vote will take place today at 12.00.
﻿﻿We need to choose new, different strategies here if we are to be able to make a really clear response.
﻿These people are the present, and they are making demands of the future, and quite rightly so.
Moreover, it is essential that the rights of minorities in Morocco must be protected in accordance with European standards.
Mr President, my question is for Commissioner Andor.
As there does not appear to be any reason not to do so, I have voted in favour of this report.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
We have played our part as colegislators.
(Applause)
What does that mean?
Without this, it would not have been possible for the planned programme for deprived people to continue.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
For that reason we need to break down differences in income and we need this intensive debate about quota arrangements.
As a liberal, I stand for competition, and I stand for a free and fair market economy.
Only 23% of the ministries in all the Member States are headed by women.
Mr President, Commissioner Reding, the Commission has set itself ambitious objectives.
Which countries are blocking the extension?
Austria has raised similar problems in the Council.
Almost EUR 3 billion of this is destined for areas with below-average economic growth.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
In addition, we must guarantee more transparency in the world cocoa economy by compiling and analysing the relevant statistics and studies.
However, in order for this to be able to happen in a sensible manner, these countries need to meet the accession criteria and abide by European values.
My report has 59 paragraphs, but, unfortunately, I can only mention a few of them.
That is why it is our duty to use it as carefully as possible.
﻿﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
This applies in particular to the Emissions Trading System, which is still more or less in its infancy.
The virus threatens the survival of many farming businesses, particularly at present in the lambing season.
﻿Knut Fleckenstein (S&D).
Of course this needs to be investigated.
I welcome not only price transparency – as already stated in my report – but also the establishment of a simplified conflict resolution procedure.
The ASEAN delegation will provide critical but positive support for this process.
I therefore have to say that the Commission proposal has not been fully thought out.
In technical terms, this proposal is based on the Greens’ proposal for project bonds.
The European panorama is diverse in this regard, and I think it makes more sense to leave this definition to the individual groups of suppliers, who then also communicate their rules.
To Mr Voss and the other Members who intend voting in favour of this agreement I would say: if our own EU Treaties mean anything to us, then we must reject this agreement.
In essence, you are saying that this agreement – which I regard as nonsensical – is good because if we did not have it, the US would do as it pleases anyway, regardless of the wishes of the European Union.
It is our responsibility to protect and balance the interests of our citizens.
In a resolution, we clearly indicated that data retention for up to 15 years was disproportionate.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
In order for eGovernment to be successful, the mutual recognition of identifications, authentications, signatures and Private Key Infrastructures is needed.
This is an area which I have been involved in for some time.
Mr President, this report once again makes it clear that the Arab Spring is a unique event.
This example shows the devastating scope of the patenting processes.
Madam President, I would like to give you our opinion on the discharge of Europol and Eurojust.
Synergies between the national authorities are therefore to be supported, and these should demonstrate more commitment in order that legal provisions are transposed properly and within deadline.
In my constituency, there are hardly any big companies.
﻿Reinhard Bütikofer (Verts/ALE).
We must not ignore the fact that the Member States are responsible for security and justice and that the EU is therefore interfering in their sphere of authority.
This report calls on the Turkish Government to introduce a zero-tolerance policy towards violence against women.
I think it is clear that the citizens of the European Union want this tax, and I think we have a great responsibility here.
environmental dumping will be the new challenge and will pose an even greater difficulty at global level than at European level.
I can assure you, however, that I will take this into consideration the next time, particularly in your case.
We have seen the simple peddling of the argument that the reform aims to help the least developed countries.
The next item is the report by Ivailo Kalfin, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, on critical information infrastructure protection – achievements and next steps: towards global cybersecurity (2011/2284(INI)) (A7-0167/2012).
In my view, we must continue to provide these missions.
We will not be able to impose our system on other countries as we did in colonial times.
These sections should therefore be rejected.
We expect a further increase in volunteer numbers and regard this project as extraordinarily successful.
Neoliberal politics led us into the crisis.
The EBRD finances investment projects in the private and public sectors.
﻿Martin Kastler (PPE).
Mr Schwab, you are aware of the PISA results for Germany, and they are, quite frankly, not particularly presentable.
We need crystal-clear rules for these people, whether cancer patients or those suffering from metabolic disorders, offering them absolute certainty.
Hence my question: where do the Commission’s responsibilities lie?
What are the Member States doing, however?
Because of that, I believe that we must vote against Amendment 134 and in favour of Amendment 129, which I proposed.
That can have disastrous consequences.
However, public libraries are financed using taxes and the authors are compensated.
This is why we must say a clear ‘No’ to ACTA tomorrow.
What is sometimes lacking is trust in the institutions and, perhaps, trust in Parliament on the part of the Council.
At the last moment, a few countries did manage to blemish this positive result, however.
Tell me what solidarity is supposed to mean in the European currency area.
After all, the debts for which we are jointly liable today are the taxes of tomorrow.
Mr President, Secretary of State, Commissioner, firstly, my sincere thanks go to the rapporteur for her constructive work.
Fear is the worst guide for democracies.
We need appropriate funding in conjunction with better use of the funding and efficiency as set out in the Europe 2020 strategy.
As this was not supported by the majority, I decided to abstain from voting.
The next multiannual financial framework must be examined carefully in order to ensure that the budget is implemented as efficiently and effectively as possible.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
As is apparent from the report, it is imperative that we apply maximum limits to the sulphur content of fuel.
The voices that see no future for Greece in the euro area are getting more and more numerous.
Thank you, Ms Ludford.
In this parliamentary term, it has become the exception.
﻿Claude Turmes , rapporteur.
That is why I think it important and necessary to make billions available in our European structural programmes each year for cofinancing in our proposed budget that you will be debating in the coming weeks for the budget years 2014-2020, and to encourage our Member States and our regions and local authorities, which call in the funds, to attach great importance to the subject of energy efficiency.
There was also an expectation that it would trigger investments in the energy sector, in industry and also in the private sphere in new technologies that would prevent CO2 emissions.
I would like to pick up on a comment made by Mr Watson.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Why not?
Banking union is also linked with the CAT4 and Basel III tasks.
You have made an unjust accusation against the Africans.
﻿Jörg Leichtfried (S&D), blue-card question.
However, if we did not have the ECB, we would be in a much deeper mess.
Since I have been helping him, he has become even bolder.
May I ask you, therefore, with a view to creating a common Europe, a Europe of solidarity and a Europe of progress, not to economise in areas where we could promote precisely that – namely employment, social cohesion and social integration.
And, in Africa, the trend is actually the reverse.
Mr President, all of us, regardless of group membership, want to offer medium-sized and micro-enterprises a good working environment.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Of particular importance, in this context, are the divergent views on the issue of genetically modified organisms.
Such a move must be rejected on principle at a time of austerity.
This obligation towards the electorate is incumbent on each and every one of us.
It is a serious political mistake.
We have taken an important and good step in the area of food speculation.
The commission issue was prioritised time and again by the Greens, but it is completely inexplicable to me how Social Democrats could end up with something like this.
As a result, we have produced something together.
In the current programming period, the Danube Strategy should be provided with resources and for the future period we need a dedicated budget line for the Danube.
However, as far as the House is concerned, the matter is settled.
It is imperative that these eight countries should sign up to the Convention.
Europe’s economic policy must be expanded to include a compensatory social policy.
We want to make it clear in our resolution that we explicitly reject this, as it could allow basic rights such as the freedom of speech, freedom of information and commercial development potential to be restricted.
At the end of 2010, 2 100 infringements had been reported against these.
The Commission should now review the way the Directive has been transposed and urge the Member States to apply it correctly.
In my view, the individual Member States must take appropriate measures that are in keeping with the infrastructure and the social and education system in the country in question.
At previous conferences, we learned that we have to take small steps.
﻿Jörg Leichtfried, rapporteur.
I thought that the Council and Parliament had already agreed on this when they agreed the intraday rule.
Member States must be able to prevent traces of GMOs occurring unintentionally both in conventional and in organic crops.
What has happened since then?
Around 80 million people in the EU live below the poverty line and 13 million people are supported by food aid programmes.
The economic and financial crisis has shown that existing commercial law has protected most Member States from protectionist measures.
I am hopeful of some positive developments during the next round of talks and that you will continue to press for a conclusion.
Finally, a thorough review is also required of the role of EU Member States in CIA operations.
I find it outrageous that we should cut short our plenary session because someone in this House suggested listening to what an unelected official has to say instead.
In the context of 2012 as the Year for Active Ageing, it is particularly important that the European Commission should redouble its efforts to improve the situation of older women and increase their participation in the labour market.
﻿This year’s report is essentially the same as last year’s and also as the report from 2008.
We have too many unemployed people and too few entrepreneurs.
﻿Barbara Lochbihler, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
For this reason, I have voted against this report.
If we have economic governance, then this House is the economic parliament.
It is a good, well-balanced report that tries to find ways in which the world’s number one tourist magnet, namely Europe, can further consolidate its leading position.
This is why we must strengthen the institutions of the European Union.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
I have voted in favour of the report, because it does a much better job of recording the mechanisms and control functions governing the countries with budget deficits and ultimately allows sanctions to be imposed.
We must make sure that people in Europe have enough to eat.
Madam President, I am much obliged to the Commissioner for his presentation.
If the sensible proposals that have been put forward here, including by Mr Barroso, cannot be put into practice, then the situation really is desperate.
What sort of a situation do we currently have in Europe?
It should also be possible to reintroduce border controls temporarily, if the security interests of citizens are being put at risk.
In the medium term, the airports of both countries could be included in the Schengen system, with the land and sea borders being included later.
An advertising video produced by Swiss banks says about this agreement that customers will benefit even more in future from the values of Switzerland as a financial centre.
In order for workers to take jobs in other countries, measures to harmonise social security, the protection of workers, language requirements and taxation are needed.
We also need to consider the health and well-being of animals.
However, we need coordination and monitoring of the effects.
Overall, after difficult negotiations, we have obtained a good directive.
We in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance are therefore extremely pleased that a workable agreement has been reached between the European Parliament and the Council.
In connection with the Financial Regulation, we are also discussing Article 56, which deals with shared management.
This is absolutely the right moment for a debate of this kind.
My report, which will be the subject of a vote tomorrow, deals with some of these conclusions and the associated general conditions.
The Euro-Mediterranean Aviation Agreement replaces the existing bilateral agreements between the individual Member States and Jordan in this area.
The regulation is important because the much-vaunted markets have completely failed in this respect.
This enables European consumers to benefit from affordable prices, informed choices and the option of switching providers, as well as high-quality services.
In particular, we still need considerably more ratifications in the Asian region.
Propose it.
That is not good enough for Germany.
Is the Community method to remain or not?
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
As part of the ‘Arab Spring’, the EU and US must take a concerted approach or, at the very least, should coordinate their efforts.
A full 90% of EU external trade and over 40% of internal trade involves sea transport.
All of these politicians have shown a great deal of maturity across party boundaries and have committed to taking a joint approach to European questions.
Elite bonds could therefore pave the way for a core European hard currency zone, a core European hard currency union, which would, in my view, make perfect sense.
That is particularly regrettable because, with the new ICI+, projects in developing countries can also be financed, and this involves projects that do not fall within the general definition of development assistance measures, for example sending European students to universities in Africa, Asia or Latin America.
This policy over the last 15 years is what has taken us into the crisis and, therefore, it must be stopped and reversed.
However, on one point I agree with him and my other fellow Members: this will become a government agreement.
Where citrus fruits are concerned, rather than being made up of large international producers, the European industry is an auxiliary industry supplementing the processing of fresh fruit.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
In addition, the accession process for Turkey should generally be stopped, as Turkey is not a suitable candidate country, and it continues to prove this itself impressively again and again.
People are very quick to criticise these agencies.
I had the pleasure of leading a European Parliament delegation in Sopot.
I would like to thank all those who have always listened so attentively to me and apologise to those I have wronged, and to all those who think that I am a good Member of Parliament, I would say: give me your vote for the next term of office!
That is why there is just one thing I would like to see: namely that we should pay due attention to this process – which I would again emphasise we all support – so that we do not overlook its negative effects, but rather make simple adjustments as and when necessary.
Although there is no question but that the European Union should pursue a strategy in relation to Asia, this should mainly be restricted to economic aspects.
This outrageous incident is an opportunity for me to remind us all, yet again, that the people of Western Sahara have been suffering for decades as a result of the inability of politicians to bring about a resolution to the Western Sahara conflict.
That is not normal.
Mr Daul, I am deeply disappointed by your statement.
I include my own country in this.
Prime Minister, you said it yourself: let us look at Romania’s current position.
I would like things to be different again after the Danish Presidency and would hope that we can once again take pride in Europe.
We remain a cohesive, able partner for our colleagues in this House and, of course, for the Presidency and for the European Commission.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
The International Civil Aviation Organisation is a specialised agency of NATO.
No one in Berlin is employing Gauleiter anywhere in Europe.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
If appropriate, the two institutions could act jointly and in unison.
﻿President.
Mr President, please could I request that a technician fix my microphone, because it is not working.
Contractual dealings in Germany are regulated by statute.
This is an important element of a functional market.
I believe that surfing the net when abroad must become much cheaper.
These agreements thus have an impact on the fishing activity of the EU fleet in international and third-country waters.
Almost a year ago, the first reading of the amendments to the directive on vaccinating against bluetongue took place in the European Parliament.
﻿Daniel Cohn-Bendit (Verts/ALE), Blue-card answer.
Charitable organisations and, in particular, the deprived people they help are reliant on this ongoing programme.
Although the EU is one of the wealthiest regions in the world, around 16% of the people in the EU live on or just above the poverty line.
﻿Thomas Ulmer (PPE), in writing.
The absolutely essential prerequisites for these ideas are the prior formation of a common fiscal union with all of the relevant mechanisms, such as a debt brake, and a legal basis in the Treaties.
﻿Heinz K. Becker (PPE), in writing.
After all, this strategy is intended to consolidate and promote the free movement of goods between the EU and the partner countries in this area.
These men have been taken out of circulation because they might have encouraged democracy and diversity in Russia.
The claim that we are improving safety by applying this stress test will be reviewed, in case of doubt, after the next nuclear disaster.
﻿﻿Sven Giegold, rapporteur.
We do not want you to call in the police to close it down if this is against the law, as Ms Reding has said.
The female members of the population must feel that they are adequately represented in the field of politics, which is why I strongly support the call for genuine equality of the sexes in political decision-making positions.
The United States and Canada are important trading partners of the EU.
The Commissioner has been there.
﻿President.
It is also of central importance that decisions in relation to choosing locations will need to include water-related points in future.
Even though the virus does not pose a threat to humans, farming businesses are suffering serious financial losses due to deformities and still-births.
I am also in favour of a policy of honesty with regard to Turkey.
The final draft agenda for this part-session, as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting on Monday, 12 March 2012, in accordance with Rule 137 of the Rules of Procedure, has been distributed.
﻿Kofi Annan has done what he could as a mediator.
In our Member States, we need to do what is necessary to ensure that the funds for the European Stability Framework (ESF) 2013 or 2014-2020, or for the other programmes, are not blocked or cut.
That is not a growth strategy.
The national social security systems need to be better coordinated.
Thus, we need to eradicate sources of error and the opportunities for forging passports and strengthen our border controls, particularly along the smuggling routes.
The Commission intends to re-evaluate the Less-Favoured Areas during the reform of the common agricultural policy (CAP).
How to actually get hold of these impact maps is indeed the most closely guarded secret in the European Union.
We need a common path that has no negative impact on the livelihoods of farmers and the food industry.
We are moving in the wrong direction by spending more and more money on analysis centres and data centres where more and more innocent people are analysed, while at the same time cutting the resources available to the local police working on the investigation of genuine suspects.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE), in writing.
I took this into consideration when voting.
Indeed, we will also have to say what funding will have to be made available for it.
The lively interest shown in the elections in France and Greece last weekend – precisely because of the debate on Europe – shows that what happens in Europe is seen as European domestic politics.
Let me make it clear at the beginning of my speech that a patent on life is unacceptable, and I also reject the patenting of conventionally bred farm animals and crops on principle.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
The remaining barriers to trade and investment must be subjected to further careful monitoring in order to protect the European steel industry, as the EU is yet to take any measures to protect this industry.
That is why we also had a nice debate again yesterday as part of the negotiations on the Financial Regulation.
Could you perhaps explain to us briefly what the most important successes of the Human Rights Agency have been recently?
Now for my second point, which is that the internal market is also a way of overcoming the crisis, creates jobs and contributes to growth.
On the other hand, however, even the best in class will be affected if its neighbour gets into excessive debt in order to buy its products.
Therefore, we must incorporate this option in the Structural Funds regulations, as has already been done in the Connecting Europe Facility in the field of infrastructure.
This could be done now.
﻿Madam President, I have rarely heard the Members of this House so united and speaking so passionately on a subject.
﻿Rainer Wieland, on behalf of the PPE Group.
I voted in favour of the report because we need to arrive at a uniform solution for the EU swiftly, since the potential threat posed by oil tankers must be countered – for the sake of the environment, above all, but also for the sake of fisheries.
Ms Lulling, you are as fit as a 38-year-old, I have to say.
It is a positive that there are now longer durations, and more certainties for exporters.
Is that our response to the Arab Spring?
The S&D Group, like the other groups in this House, is unanimous, and we will pursue all avenues – political and legal – to fight against what you have begun.
I am against eurobonds.
﻿However, Mr President, Commissioner Rehn, I believe that we also need to be careful.
If I look at implementation in Germany, I would have to say that, in fact, nothing at all has happened in this direction.
I fear that this point in this plan is pure gesture politics, not a real initiative for new jobs.
﻿﻿Evelyn Regner (S&D).
﻿Mr President, about a year ago, Parliament decided by a large majority to adopt the ‘six-pack’.
Many thanks for your visit, Mr President.
Mr Stevenson has also done some excellent work in teasing this out.
It is not going too far to say that counterfeit products can even put people’s lives at risk.
The consequences of legislating into being a rigorous water saving policy also need to be thought through, as such a policy would result not only in drainpipes getting blocked up and decaying, but also in the spread of microbes in the water pipes.
A commission of the Organisation of American States has been in Paraguay since yesterday in order to unearth the causes of the dispute.
I call on the Commission to submit a legislative proposal for the European Union.
﻿﻿Paul Rübig (PPE), Blue-card answer.
﻿Evelyn Regner, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs.
We also consider the provision in the agreement which specifies that essential products should be tested before they are delivered and certified and that this should be followed by mutual recognition to be sensible.
That is our job as politicians and as Members of Parliament.
I believe we need to take a brave step forward if we want to be successful here.
The other sums included in the EUR 120 billion package seem to have been counted twice.
and it will also improve safety because it will help prevent thefts or enable goods vehicles to be found again by providing location information.
To get straight to the heart of the matter: water is essential for our survival.
Mr President, I believe that it is necessary to assist all of these countries in the Eastern Neighbourhood Policy, so that the relevant rules are upheld in relation to democracy, the rule of law, fair elections, etc.
Something has gone wrong here.
﻿Jutta Steinruck (S&D), in writing.
The proposal presented by the Court of Justice is designed to allow judges to be appointed to the European Union’s Civil Service Tribunal on an interim basis.
For this reason, I would ask you to allow Ms Kiil-Nielsen to speak.
I would like to thank you all for expressing, through your applause, the fact that Mr Lambrinidis can count on the support of the Members of this House.
The text was negotiated in English.
I should like to refer to a letter to the Tabling Office signed by all German-speaking members of the PPE Group, the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament and also the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe – in other words, a clear majority of the German-speaking Members.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (ALDE), in writing.
Why should he invest now in renovating nurseries and schools and the town hall when it is not even the next mayor, but the one after that who will reap the benefit?
We will continue to need conventional gas from third countries in the long term.
I did not hear any complaints from the Commission either.
That is why it is crucial that the share-out of tasks between the ECB and the national supervisory bodies should be clarified quickly.
I have a couple of questions, however.
On the one hand, it is about the fact that we have intergovernmental agreements between Member States and third states that we know are not based 100% on European law, in other words that are not compatible with European law.
However, measures are required on a Europe-wide basis that will promote sales and increase brand recognition.
Some legal opinions state that such things have no place in a safeguard clause.
That is one of the main reasons why all the measures now being taken are being taken in this way.
In conclusion, Mr Barroso, I would like to offer you the opportunity to work closely together with us.
Member State parliaments have taken the Commission to task, above all, where it has provided an inadequate explanatory statement in respect of the principle of subsidiarity, or has failed to provide one at all.
﻿President.
This is the final year of the current MFF.
﻿President.
At the moment, it is not possible to have a common regulation applicable to all transport modes because of the lack of experience in relation to waterborne and bus and coach transport.
I think this is the right decision.
If we examine infrastructure in the single market, two things become clear.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, firstly, I think that the celebrations of the 20th anniversary of the single market on 15 October were a real success, since they united very diverse stakeholders, as we call them in EU-speak, and solicited support for this project, which has now been in existence for 20 years.
Every actor and every financial centre should be able to be controlled appropriately – we have not managed to do this.
Effective supervision must be established in order to ensure that all financial actors play by the rules.
The first is on the issue of position limits.
This would have been the collateral damage of financial market regulation and would have been in no one’s interest.
Repression prevails and the rule of law is unknown.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
That is an important step, with regard to us too, because the European Parliament has long been voicing that same demand.
My last comment is for Ms Tzavela as rapporteur.
This is certainly linked to the fact that our region is very densely populated – Commissioner Oettinger made reference to this.
This has been proven.
Many banks are still demanding processing fees for consumer credit that they are not permitted to charge, as the processing of the credit application is not a bank service for the customer, but – like the credit check – is carried out in the bank’s own interests.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (ALDE), in writing.
This reduction in the regulations will simplify the situation in this sector in an efficient and future-oriented way, as attention has also been given to ensuring that the current level of protection is not reduced.
According to the report, candidate and potential candidate countries should have resolved any disputes with their neighbours prior to accession, particularly those concerning territorial issues.
﻿Mr President, this is turning into groundhog day.
I think we would all be willing to contribute larger sums of money from our budgets if this helped to offer the people in Palestine, especially in the Gaza Strip, a brighter future, indeed, any future at all.
We therefore need a basic ban on speculative short selling of forward contracts.
This is not the sort of Europe that I want and I believe that the overwhelming majority of this House does not want it either.
I would like to remind everyone of the cases of Creutzfeld-Jacob disease (CJD) in people, of BSE in cattle and of scrapie in sheep and goats.
At the time, we should have restricted the ban on feeding animal protein so that it only covered ruminants.
I have tabled an amendment concerning the feeding of animals which may cause some irritation.
However, the result of this has been that some countries, such as the United Kingdom, Ireland and Denmark, have been excluded.
This criticism by Europe is therefore entirely reasonable.
We have criticised Denmark today for wanting to leave the Schengen Agreement for populist reasons.
However, the people there must also have economic prospects.
A word about the crisis: Mr Verhofstadt said that we have spoken with each Presidency of the Council about the particular challenge not only of the double crisis, but also of the triple crisis.
The European Parliament is clearly in favour of respect for human rights and minimum social standards becoming a mandatory component of free trade agreements in future.
One indirect effect is that it will force the parties to take a European stand, to debate European issues and programmes and to nominate European candidates.
Is now the right time to do this?
In a few years’ time we will constitute 5 or 6% of the world’s population.
﻿President.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI).
The first important point was the introduction of an approval system for a register of electricity traders.
The Commission is to evaluate the registration system in the future and propose further instruments to improve it.
This involves the necessary implementing acts which will enable the data collection process required for market monitoring purposes to be established quickly.
As Mr Gyürk has already said, we are now part of a European network.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
I voted in favour of the report since the EU’s offshore operations should offer the best possible level of safety in the oil production sector, so that disasters are avoided in the first place.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
However, in order for the Commission’s measures not to remain toothless, the elements of the offence of corruption must be uniformly defined.
Lastly, we ought to try, out of the numerous programmes that are available to us, to prioritise an investment programme to promote tourism.
I have some reservations about the way we manage the euro area.
I am a little surprised by Mr Cohn-Bendit, who spent five minutes berating you, describing your role as that of a blackmailer and calling on you to resolve the problems immediately, before leaving the Chamber.
We need to make effective logistics arrangements in advance.
Specifically, it calls for the focus to be placed on rewarding the results achieved rather than on checking inputs and for there to be a differentiated approach to dealing with irregularities.
I therefore voted against this report.
That is what we have heard today.
I have voted in favour of this.
Our approach is cowardly and we are too paralysed to act.
Mr President, Commissioner, the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund provides money from Europe for the people affected.
In Germany, there is talk of intelligent nationalisation.
That is perhaps our problem.
The President of the Commission says: ‘We need the financial transaction tax’.
﻿Paul Rübig (PPE).
One further point that is very important to me is that we have said that we do not want the cheapest offer, but rather the economically most advantageous offer.
Please ensure that in future, EU research funding is made available to companies which still pay taxes somewhere.
Instead of more centralisation, what we need is to move back to an association of States with equal rights, pursuing their own economic policies.
So far, the Council has not been in agreement with this view.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Therefore, it is time for us to deal with the obstacles and disadvantages that they face in day-to-day life and to ensure that their children have equal opportunities in education, training and the labour market.
Many of the Member States are already implementing resettlement programmes.
That will primarily be achieved – as has already been said today – through research.
﻿Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, this is indeed a serious problem.
Particularly when it comes to such a sensitive and important matter as combating child abuse, it is essential to provide the correct political answers.
Madam President, Commissioner, the European Parliament, working together with the Commission, is flexing its muscles in the interests of the children of Europe.
The media should not be allowed to provide an impetus for those with paedophile tendencies, who can interpret such publicity as a prompt for action.
I am convinced that this agreement can act as a benchmark for the other agreements that the European Union intends concluding with various states.
We owe that to our taxpayers, too.
For the purpose of prevention, it would be helpful to be able to do this one step earlier.
Italy has announced pension reforms.
In particular, the Greek banks need to survive the consequences of the haircut.
For this reason, our most important objective must be to maintain the effectiveness of antimicrobial agents in fighting illnesses in humans and animals.
This is for the European Court of Justice to decide and for the Commission to implement.
As a result, some individual Member States are no longer able to guarantee sufficient protection for their consumers.
As Articles 10 and 11 of the Protocol relate to the areas of judicial cooperation in civil matters which come under the terms of Article 81 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, these provisions will be covered by a separate act.
Madam President, I have just listened to your statement with great interest.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Our goal should and must be to prohibit access providers from discriminating against certain data content by transmitting it at different speeds, and we should do this at European and/or national level.
In Syria, the outcome is still undecided.
After all, we in the EU must set an example to other signatory states.
It must be clear that wanted criminals must not be received with military honours and Champagne, but dutifully handed over to the International Criminal Court.
Looking at the regulation of the financial markets, I see that the United Kingdom is blocking whatever it can, which is in every nook and cranny.
This legislative package is intended to provide further support for research and development measures in the area of nuclear technology already implemented in the Seventh European Framework Programme 2007-2011.
In the short term, the European Central Bank (ECB) must play a different role and the Heads of State or Government must commit to this.
Madam President, Mr Füle, these are good times for Croatia and for Europe.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
I cannot accept the methods adopted by the rapporteur, for which reason I voted against this report.
The motions for resolutions tabled under Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure will be announced at a later date.
Domestic violence cannot be justified on either cultural or religious grounds, and that is a principle that should apply throughout Europe.
I am pleased that he is attempting, by means of a few small amendments, to increase the pressure on the Member States slightly, but in a very polite way.
You should, however, reconsider whether this cannot be achieved at Community level.
The internal market is important for us and for everyone else.
As far as I can see, this has not been discussed either.
You can do that, but I must say to you that Parliament can only tackle this legislation with you on one condition, and that is if there is a guarantee that in all the subsequent stages, the European Parliament will sit at the table as the third partner, together with the Council and the Commission.
Victims of violence often move to a different area in order to distance themselves from the traumatic events that have taken place.
I therefore voted against the report.
The rapporteur refused to accept any of the proposals for compromises put forward by the PPE Group and, in the end, he explicitly shut us out, even with regard to very trivial matters.
It means public influence on the decision-making process.
I cannot believe that that is the case.
(The sitting was suspended at 16.25)
I very much welcome the fact – and I also said this yesterday – that Mr Orbán sees this Parliament as the place where discussions are held on the situation in his country and on the relationship between his country and the EU.
What makes me particularly sad, Mr Orbán, is that, like me, you know many people who fought against National Socialism.
However, a modern state and an open society cannot be based on a religion.
We now have a consensus among most of the countries in Europe that climate change will help the economy and that we must remain competitive, but that we must do this by investing in climate-related technologies.
As we are talking about transparency, I would like to know how yesterday’s vote went, because we have the right to be guided by this.
﻿Anja Weisgerber (PPE), in writing.
Unfortunately, UN resolutions are not always respected by the combatants.
We have offered this to Member States and they have accepted the offer.
That is why the Commission has offered to hold discussions with the competent parties in the Member States concerning what possibilities there may be for action – and there are already action teams on the ground in each of the eight countries with the highest rates of youth unemployment which will be in place until the end of February.
The biggest problem that I see, however, is in the relationship between the dairies and the retailers.
Therefore, we must ensure that the interests of small and medium-sized milk producers, in particular, are taken into consideration in the upcoming reform of the common agricultural policy.
I said no more and no less than that, and I cannot see a contradiction here.
The report is a logical consequence on the way to a uniform and practical protection of material and intellectual property rights in the European Union.
We need to coordinate closely with Turkey.
The second country is Algeria.
As Mr Vaughan has said, we are freezing travel costs and day-to-day expenses and, with regard to buildings policy – after all I am the rapporteur on buildings – I believe it necessary for us to examine closely what we have agreed to see whether buildings policy and construction projects are being managed in a professional, cost-efficient manner.
It is right that the money should be found from the defence budget.
It is not only Greece which is fighting for survival.
I welcome the effective involvement of the associated states Iceland, Switzerland, Liechtenstein and Norway in the comitology committees in the Schengen area.
Small businesses in particular rely on being given protection from the dairies and retail chains.
The regulation which has been adopted today puts dairy farmers in a stronger position in their negotiations with their customers.
A number of my colleagues have already suggested seriously considering choosing a new location for the 2014 ice hockey world championships, so as to prevent the President from using a prestigious project to build a sham profile in Belarus.
Mr President, one year ago, families, including mothers, men with children on their shoulders, Christians and Muslims alike, demonstrated for freedom and democracy.
﻿Hubert Pirker (PPE).
Unfortunately, this development in the Council has given rise to two camps.
The greatest risk, however, is that we will set a precedent, and that the Member States will use this to justify activities outside of the Treaty of Lisbon.
Nevertheless, these estimates must be used to establish the total allowable catches.
It is complaining about familiar irregularities in the hope of possibly influencing the forthcoming ballot.
It was a mistake to reject the fisheries agreement.
I would be very grateful for your support.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI).
It is true that it represents a compromise.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
I welcome the fact that the European Parliament has agreed to continue the ban on imports of hormone-treated beef into the EU and, at the same time, to introduce higher tariff quotas for high-quality beef from the US and Canada.
We intend to watch closely to see whether any steps forward are agreed on and implemented on the initiative of the next President.
Why is this?
EU development aid will therefore not only have to deal with reducing population growth, but also increasingly with the disposal of waste water.
The next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance in accordance with Rule 150 of the Rules of Procedure.
Mr President, Mr Rehn, ladies and gentlemen, if I have understood you correctly, Mr Rehn, what you have said today is that the Commission is fighting to ensure the continuation of the food programme for the most deprived people in the European Union.
We wish you every success in your efforts to obtain a triple-A rating for the bank.
Parliament has made its position clear.
We need to act now.
It contains lots of approaches.
﻿Mr President, what do Düsseldorf and Dortmund, Herten and Essen, Arnsberg and Würselen have in common?
In other words, you are going further than the original regulation.
The next item is the debate on:
I hereby ask you to take this House and its concerns seriously.
Not everything is certain, but a hundred years ago we had almost exclusively local production, and products were brought to market in their local area.
On the other hand, I am constantly hearing people say that the Dublin II regulation is an important means of resolving this problem.
However, this formulation clearly goes too far.
The simplest solution is not to travel to the United States.
However, these minimum provisions still leave the Member States some scope in connection with taxation.
The Erasmus generation takes this right for granted and sees it as an everyday part of life to be able to move around in an area without barriers and passport controls.
My group – and I have repeatedly made this clear – is not opposed to a policy of budgetary consolidation.
This balance must be respected, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity.
The Christians are the losers in this Arab Spring, and we must protect them.
I voted in favour of the report because it guarantees that a reasonable period of time for implementing the DSB recommendations and rulings, which was agreed between the European Union and China, will be respected by the European Union.
I expressly agree with those Members who welcome the fact that the Council is also here today, represented by Mr Wammen from the Danish Presidency.
However, we must make the context clear and if we weaken or water down the definition of SMEs by including mid-caps, there will be less money available to distribute to the SMEs in an area where the funding was already insufficient.
Let us then be ambitious, and let us say clearly – I would like to repeat this message – trust yourselves to lead, or at least set an example, or else get out of our way.
﻿Everyone wants to move in the right direction, but how do we get there?
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission by Pervenche Berès, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on the Youth opportunities initiative (O-000106/2012) – (B7-0113/2012) (2012/2617(RSP)).
In the Special Committee on the Financial, Economic and Social Crisis, and now in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, we members of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) were vehemently in favour of the FTT by a large majority.
Our primary aim should be to propose specific measures that provide incentives for making all aspects of life more resource-efficient.
We regret this action on the part of the Swiss authorities, particularly in view of the fact that this is just one of many measures that threaten the transposition of bilateral agreements between Switzerland and the European Union;
This absolutely does not reflect our objective of promoting regional integration.
Reading our newspapers in Germany – only today, one of the big dailies says that the German chancellor is asking whether anybody still sticks to the rules in Europe, or they say that Cyprus is the next candidate for a bailout – I ask myself: ‘What next?’.
It is up to each country to create duties and to specify how high that duty will be.
There are therefore no excuses for not implementing internal market legislation correctly and quickly.
(Applause)
We have made progress and we all hope that this agreement will be able to be concluded to the satisfaction of both sides – that means also to the satisfaction of the Members that you see here.
Perhaps there are certain areas in which we, in the European Union, could learn from you.
The next item is the explanations of vote.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Another step would be to ask the Chinese state authorities to lift all restrictions and to allow independent media, journalists and human rights observers unimpeded access and freedom of movement throughout Tibet.
Equally, one day we shall have a free Iran of many ethnic groups and religious communities that live side-by-side in peace with the old Iranian tradition and who are our partners.
I also wish expressly to welcome the compromise on special foods for coeliacs.
In committee, we initially amended that to 150 kilometres with a narrow majority.
This is a technically difficult dossier.
I would have liked a little more time for the debate and for the discussion.
This is of benefit both to the customs authorities and the rights holders.
﻿Jörg Leichtfried (S&D), Blue-card answer.
Another key point is subsidiarity.
I am very grateful to President Hollande for having strengthened the voice of social democracy.
Both of these are being sacrificed to short-term interests.
The third estate is often neglected because it is unable to make its voice sufficiently heard in politics.
In this context, Mr President, I would, of course, like to mention the financial transaction tax.
We need appropriate funding in conjunction with better use of the funding and efficiency as set out in the Europe 2020 strategy.
﻿Martin Kastler (PPE), in writing.
The German conservative group (CDU/CSU) believes that ACTA is, in principle, appropriate.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
﻿Bernd Posselt (PPE), Blue-card question.
They have understood that it is only possible to do business when the fundamental structures for commerce are in place.
The point there, too, is that we must involve the private sector on a massive scale, rather than just hoping to achieve success on a top-down basis using the old systems, in other words, development aid.
The European approach has proven itself and, in times of economic crises, existing tools should be carefully modernised without jeopardising their substance.
After intensive discussions within the group, we therefore introduced another refinement of Article 1 point 14 that envisages that the information that has thus far fallen within the scope of voluntary labelling under this system could soon be covered by food labelling rules.
﻿Hermann Winkler (PPE), in writing.
I support the suggestions for improvement.
If we want a green economy, then a common definition is needed which includes the question of equality as well as the creation of a sustainable, energy-efficient and healthy society.
Energy efficiency is really something to get on our soapbox about.
The Commission has not yet done everything that is in the statement.
Where unbundling is concerned – in other words, the independence of the transmission network operators – the measures have been taken.
If things have changed, then I am unreservedly in favour.
This results in unanimity in the Council, and means that Parliament is no longer involved in this matter in the codecision procedure.
In the light of our experience with the supervisory package, this is not acceptable.
Sometimes this requires a bit more time.
We now intend doing this in the common organisation of the markets.
– the report (A7-0237/2012) by Jörg Leichtfried on behalf of the Committee on International Trade on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council implementing the bilateral safeguard clause and the stabilisation mechanism for bananas of the Agreement establishing an Association between the European Union and its Member States on the one hand, and Central America on the other (COM(2011)0599 - C7-0306/2011 - 2011/0263(COD)).
I believe it is an acceptable compromise.
(Applause)
Despite all the justified criticism of events in Russia, this resolution should be rejected as too one-sided, and I therefore voted against it.
I wish to give an explanation of vote not in respect of this report, but in respect of the Moreira report on the agreement concerning immediate autonomous trade preferences for Pakistan.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
We discussed this intensively in the Subcommittee on Human Rights in July, and our demands can also be seen in today’s resolution.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, as a member of the Council of Europe and of the Eastern Partnership, Azerbaijan needs to heed its freely undertaken commitments in respect of human rights, democracy and the rule of law in the Safarov case.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, unfortunately, in committee, we were unable to adequately exploit the opportunity offered by an ambitious Commission proposal.
Madam President, legal, cross-border online access to orphan works is fundamental to the fostering of our diverse cultural treasures in Europe.
I have asked the Secretary-General to pull out all the stops and bring in every available expert.
﻿President.
Thank you, Mr Kalfin.
Most citizens are also completely unaware of the existence of Europarl TV.
In this context, 2013 may be the year when the rights of citizens are significantly strengthened in this respect.
It is one of the European Union’s most visible and most popular programmes and is already 99 % subscribed this year.
There are many, many important contributions here, both in the individual reports from the Commission to the Member States and in the work we at Parliament have produced.
﻿Heinz K. Becker (PPE).
This is a good way of working that can be further cultivated.
That is extremely important.
The Commission rightly considers that the European Union has exclusive competence in deciding whether the eight countries of Morocco, Russia, Andorra, the Seychelles, Albania, Gabon, Singapore and Armenia may accede to the Convention.
Secondly, it is also a success story in connection with our open internal borders and freedom of travel.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the democratic structure of the European Union is the subject of much discussion at the moment.
Mr President, the transposition of Community law is something that should clearly be of great interest to each and every MEP.
﻿Equal rights for all!
I cannot see any positive developments in Turkey, for example.
It is also a false argument, because the fact is that during the period from 2007 to 2013, the European budget grew by just 1.95 %, compared with much larger increases in all the national budgets.
﻿Sabine Lösing (GUE/NGL), in writing.
I think that we should focus on the discharge procedure and on what we have actually done and what the outcomes are, and what we have to show the EU’s citizens and taxpayers.
The action plan adopted in 2008 has done much to improve the situation by greatly increasing the Commission’s supervision of the national management and control systems.
We asked the Commission to provide us with the three most recent.
I am astonished that we are now moving at a different level as regards data protection and data security, and I get the impression that we are back to standards below those that we have agreed previously.
You cannot collect millions of data records from innocent citizens for 15 years and then say: ‘Actually, we are going to use this data for everything’, as is currently stated in the text of the US agreement.
For this reason, our actions must be based on the precautionary principle, in order to guarantee the maximum protection for consumers and the highest possible levels of food safety.
They are also not water soluble and they collect and accumulate in fatty tissue.
﻿The fact that we shall be voting on this proposal tomorrow is due, above all, to our rapporteur’s persistence.
Mr President, I too should like to thank the rapporteur, Mr de Grandes Pascual, for this valuable report.
What we also need is freedom of choice for farmers and for consumers.
The fact that this ultimately resulted in the entire report being rejected is not a major problem.
There is still a lot of work to do here.
﻿Barbara Lochbihler, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
It must therefore be made clear that we are on the side of the refugees who want to return home and that the snipers have to go.
The speech that Mr Tusk has just given here illustrated that an awareness of the value of Europe underpins the Polish Presidency.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the report will be debated and decided upon, and the public debt crisis will keep us busy for years to come, as will the appraisal of the causes of the crisis.
I can see the value added by the implementation of these objectives – particularly in relation to future job opportunities and new working arrangements, as well as territorial cohesion.
We all want freedom of movement, but this ideal must not be allowed to become a license for foolishness.
Resource efficiency, re-use, recycling or even substitution – these are the key strategies available to us and we should base our future competitiveness on precisely this strategy of innovation.
According to estimates, every single euro spent in this way generates added value of 10 euro and I believe we can say that this would be more effective aid than cosmetic measures taken at a later date.
Strengthening equality policy and increasing training opportunities are just two ways in which we can improve the situation of older women in the labour market in the long term.
It also provides for the establishment of a European register which is to be organised by the Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators (ACER).
I am very grateful for this.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, many thanks to the rapporteur for his excellent report.
Allow me to make one last comment with regard to the Middle East in anticipation of a later debate: we need to support the two-state solution, which entails movement on both sides.
Although synergies between the existing subsidies are to be welcomed, they must be evaluated separately.
With regard to Greece in particular, President Barroso has pointed out that, out of 20 billion, 15 billion has not been spent, and Commissioner Hahn has also just been there.
I therefore voted against this motion for a resolution.
However, the driving force of the economy and the main employers are the many small and medium-sized enterprises, whose importance is always underlined in the various strategies laid down on paper, but which, in fact, have had very little access to subsidies, and which are burdened with ever-increasing bureaucracy.
For this reason, subjects such as same-sex partnerships do not belong in a resolution on human rights and neither does treating them as the equivalent of marriage, which is completely unacceptable.
At a global level, we simply need better governance, a better structure, in order to organise these environmental and sustainable trends.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
The accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union already occurred too early.
It is important that we keep reiterating this position to the citizens of the European Union.
This is not a pipe dream, but rather it is a point that is very important to us: ensuring that legal certainty is brought about in this respect, so that we can genuinely make sure that public procurement remains transparent and comprehensible to the public, and so as to ensure fair competition between enterprises – particularly where small and medium-sized enterprises are concerned.
Why should they not try to draw Spain and Italy into the maelstrom of speculation?
I would like to ask whether he knows how it is structured and that there are two parts: one for interest earned in the future and the other for deductions from capital in the past.
It requires the use of one agent to deal with one particular pathogen and not, as is currently customary in human medicine, the use of broad-spectrum antibiotics, which is what has encouraged the developments that we are talking about.
We need a major awareness campaign in this area.
Mr President, Commissioner, President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to start by thanking the initiators.
Ms Grossetête, that is something that I would like to say to you, and I would also like to thank you for your willingness to speak and for your concession.
I am convinced that our resolution on the excellent Angelilli report will effectively combat child abuse and child pornography and provide greater protection for the weakest members of our society.
It is particularly problematic that this huge infringement of fundamental rights is carried out in the name of combating terrorism, even though there is no evidence proving that PNR data is of any benefit in the fight against terrorism.
Opinions may differ in relation to what will happen if this agreement is rejected.
The mass of data, or so-called waste data, actually makes it harder to find potential criminals.
As you did not put them forward, we had to do so.
I have to say, though, that three quarters of our proposals are taken from the Commission’s texts themselves.
﻿Bernd Posselt (PPE).
I am hoping that it will enable us to move towards a more efficient European civil service.
However, I understand the constraints you are under here in the House with regard to the 2012 budget.
A total of 90% of all the payments with problems are made in the Member States.
However, it will also have an impact on the revenue of the European Union and it is not yet possible to estimate the extent of this.
I have voted in favour.
The abandonment of whole areas of land highlights the threats to which rural regions will be exposed in future if we cannot put a stop to the migration of younger people.
﻿Evelyn Regner (S&D), in writing.
It is critical that consumers have both an adequate choice and comprehensive information.
Above all, I support the call for the use of more funding from the future EU Research Framework Programme to investigate the causes of bee mortality.
In Europe it is perhaps more obvious, but it is clearly the case in the United States, too.
The summit ought to take firm decisions concerning the prohibition of usurious interest, whether for private individuals or for entire states.
The Netherlands has gone ahead with a regulation on net neutrality.
At this conference, the civil society organisations spoke quite differently about the national strategies.
It is important for the EU to help those states that still do not have a functional legal system to develop one so that in future they can try and pass sentence on serious crimes themselves according to the criteria of the rule of law.
European rail transport could represent a great opportunity, if we can overcome national egotism.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Anything else is worthless.
Furthermore, the motion for a resolution calls, above all, for EU development policy to eliminate these obstacles.
I have voted in favour.
Unfortunately, I had to abstain from the vote on the joint motion for a resolution tabled by several groups as the wording of the resolution was not made generally available.
Poland has rightly called for this to happen, but it must not always be the only Member State which is doing so.
We have debated this at length this morning in the Conference of Presidents.
(Applause)
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
﻿Bernd Posselt, on behalf of the PPE Group.
I would like to ask him whether the cause of the problems in relation to competitiveness does not lie much deeper than that, namely in the specific production capacity of Member States and regions.
However, on investigating the actual effects it emerges that some Member States – such as Estonia or even Poland, which are achieving very good results – deal with the Structural Funds better than others, which find it difficult to absorb the funds – for example regions like Calabria and Sicily, as well as Greece and Romania.
Therefore, the proposals for the new generation of financing instruments must employ the principle of the delegated acts wisely.
That was the key element of what we did, namely to place the concerns of citizens at the forefront so that they can see that the single market is not something abstract, but something that will actually provide them with added value.
Nonetheless, the Member States have made use of repayable forms of assistance, based on their positive experiences in the preceding programme period.
There is no question that the European Union should maintain good relations with Ukraine, particularly in terms of economic and scientific cooperation.
Making a note of this kind in the minutes about an amount of EUR 360 million, which retrospectively calls into question a joint compromise reached in the trialogue, is a simply disgraceful way of presenting ourselves to the rest of the world.
Joint residence and work permits are to be issued generously.
When I attend events in my constituency, I always ask my constituents: Which has more soldiers, the European Union or the United States?
We have just had the debate about the situation in Syria.
I cannot be a part of that.
Something we definitely need to do in parallel with this legislation is to run an information campaign.
Therefore, I have voted against this report in the interest of our citizens.
It is unacceptable for the opinion of the lead committee to be disregarded to a large extent in the compromise package.
Therefore, we must make the information available to citizens in a simple and transparent way.
However, this report goes way beyond the actual goal.
We all ought to know that this will be a gradual process.
Time and again in Germany, I receive reports from colleagues from Romania and Bulgaria informing me of the methods being used in Germany.
﻿Between 2002 and 2010 alone, the European Union invested more than EUR 2 billion in Afghanistan.
I compliment you on this, as do my colleagues.
The results of the Commission’s work on this are now available.
The differences are even more marked within the countries.
We need to get used to the idea that these countries will develop at their own pace, that they require patience and sustained support and that we cannot change society there by simply sending in the army or by pressing a button.
I grew up in a small town near the borders between three countries, where people had to stand in long queues in order to be allowed to cross the border to visit their neighbours in Belgium and the Netherlands.
﻿President.
The results of the second ballot in the election to the office of Vice-President of the European Parliament are as follows:
The current approach as set down in the new proposal makes far more sense, involving targets of 65% of the goods brought into circulation and 85% of the WEEE produced after the transitional phase.
As you know, the precedence of the Vice-Presidents is determined by the number of votes they receive.
﻿Thomas Mann (PPE).
Your ideas on climate protection, which were very well prepared by Connie Hedegaard, and your ideas on energy efficiency, could provide the stimulus for jobs in the European Union.
The results of the poll in Russia yesterday should be making us think much more carefully about the situation.
We must be an attractive role model.
The vote will take place today at 12.00.
I hope the Commission will safeguard social Europe, and the rights of its citizens, in its draft legislation.
More money should be made available for this.
﻿President.
This should now be able to take place via a platform.
A great many of them are afraid of this new SEPA number, of the new IBAN code, because it seems too long to them.
In my country of Luxembourg, too, the dairy sector is the main pillar of our agricultural sector as a result of the high proportion of grassland.
Tomorrow – and I am convinced of this – there will be a broad majority in favour of further steps towards common bonds in Europe.
Thus, the Committee on Petitions will repeat a decision made by Parliament last year, in which we already called for a legally binding solution.
The debate is closed.
What does that mean?
Therefore, five Member States voted against the compromise in the Council, which does not meet the requirements of a soft landing instrument.
These are the two extremes to be found within the House.
Thirdly, I call on the Council to push through reasonable and sufficient funding within the budget and to take the necessary decision.
After all, abortion is not a means for human rights policy, but rather a massive breach of human rights, namely, a violation of the right to life through the killing of an unborn human being.
Tomorrow we will be voting on the law of succession, and marital property law will follow.
Video conferences, Internet applications and, in future, a Erasmus programme for judges, prosecutors and, hopefully soon, also criminal investigation officers and lawyers, are just a few examples.
In total, despite an extensive process, only 17 European Cooperative Societies have been founded and only 32 workers have found work in these enterprises.
We want to create a Europe of this kind with all the fundamental freedoms and with the opportunity to work anywhere in the continent.
However, the budgets are also the responsibility of the Member States and that does not stop Europe getting involved in them.
Firstly, there needs to be a re-think in connection with the Basel directives and we need to give SMEs permanent access to EU subsidies, and, secondly, we need finally to implement the cuts in red tape.
This is something we should welcome and support, because emerging democracies thrive on efforts to develop and change, and also on protests.
This is intended to offer citizens a way to pass on this information directly to their public representatives, specifically those from the PVV, who can then incorporate this information in their work.
I would like to contradict Ms Nicolai on one point, however.
This makes it all the more regrettable that Friday’s Environment Council meeting was blocked by one country, showing itself to be incapable of making political decisions.
According to Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure, it will therefore be submitted to the addressees indicated and will be published in the minutes as a text adopted in this session, also bearing the names of the signatories.
Turkey is not a European state.
Nevertheless, an important process is starting in Burma.
Only if the new policy of openness is followed by positive changes to the economy and if the living conditions of the people genuinely improve can we assume that the risk of a return to a military dictatorship has really been averted.
(Sustained applause)
Mr President, please would you emphasise how important it is that the rapporteurs for the committees abide by this internal rule.
What we have here is a series of placebos that are being distributed on a piecemeal basis.
As friends and partners, we will support you in following up your words with action and fulfilling your promise of reform.
Are you aware that, essentially, the ‘basic information’ is already automatically transferred along with the API information?
﻿Jörg Leichtfried (S&D), in writing.
This sends out a very positive signal.
If we find that the system does not work, then we can fine-tune it.
Even though, in Canada’s case, we can undoubtedly count on high standards of security, the visa scandals of the past years and the far too frequent confusion of visa freedom with freedom of establishment – as is clear from the 700% increase in Serbian asylum applications, for example – should serve as a warning.
The third point is growth.
This report focuses on the situation of women living in Turkey and on specific measures that should be taken to improve their lives.
As Turkey’s accession to the EU would not only push the integration capacity of the EU beyond its limits, but would also constantly make it clear to Ankara that in the case of the minorities issue and the freedom of the press, for example, Turkey’s values are totally different to those of Europe, the only honest response is to stop the accession negotiations and begin talks about a privileged partnership.
Only one Member State, and that is Germany, has so far discussed it at cabinet level at all.
For this we need agreements, such as this one with Mozambique, which guarantee and secure fisheries rights, for example, in the Indian Ocean.
﻿Gerald Häfner (Verts/ALE), in writing.
﻿Hubert Pirker (PPE).
Mr President, Commissioner, it is not just the European Union that is experiencing economically difficult times.
Mr President, Syria is clearly becoming more and more of a witches’ brew of conflicts.
You know them all.
One, however, requires the other.
There are a few things we can take from this agreement.
﻿That is a very important concern for me and my colleagues in the House.
﻿When it comes to functionality, clearly we do also have to discuss what the Special Representative is able, allowed, supposed or in a position to do.
To date, the GSP represents one of the most important EU instruments in the area of trade and it is monitored by the European Commission.
We therefore need a clear and effective debt redemption pact.
Another step would be to ask the Chinese state authorities to lift all restrictions and to allow independent media, journalists and human rights observers unimpeded access and freedom of movement throughout Tibet.
We have succeeded in achieving a good consensus on most issues in the committee.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
Mr President, I believe that both the Commission and Ms Riemers have lost touch with reality a little.
The Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament have requested that the joint debate on the European Patent be postponed to a later sitting.
I come from a border region.
What we need to do is cut off smuggling routes and further strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights, including in respect of China, where, after all, 85% of counterfeits originate.
Why can you not be honest about this?
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Following the vote after the second reading, this report is now largely fit for purpose.
Now it is important to establish a viable, fair pricing system and to take into account the factors specific to each country, such as the frequency with which lines are used.
If Egypt now takes a different tack and shows that religion and politics are not mutual exclusives, then this would be a completely new example of how Muslim faith and politics can be reconciled.
In this area we should be continuing to enhance the results we are trying to achieve in terms of poverty alleviation, democracy and human rights, not weaken them.
As she was unable to pay the fine of CNY 40 000, or EUR 5 021, for violating the one-child policy, she was held captive and, after three days, five men administered the lethal injection to the foetus.
We should then first turn to the question of whether we need to place the UN and our contribution to UN environmental and climate policy on a completely new footing.
We need a more efficient target.
Education and training are the cornerstones for achievement of the Europe 2020 goals.
All in all, this is a good day.
What I am still waiting to hear about is the implementation, and the issue of how you are organising yourselves in the Commission.
My final point concerns interconnectors.
﻿Günther Oettinger, Member of the Commission.
We will then get investors, if investors know that a pipeline or a transmission network is necessary, makes sense in the European market, and if the returns are sufficiently fair.
The European budget is only used to fund infrastructure that will benefit more than one Member State.
We respect that.
As I read this list, you might think I am talking about a banana republic in some obscure part of the world.
New rules have been introduced that favour the non-euro area members of the EBA.
I believe that this is better than a failed legislative text that would have forced us to start again from scratch next time around.
We have also been able to ensure that some criteria are worded with greater clarity, for example that it is necessary to prove the companies receiving investment from this fund have a genuine social benefit, so that these funds do not become a cheap label that people can use, even though in reality there is no social economy dimension to their business.
The focus is moving away from the interests of the people, who urgently need a functioning, social and green Union based on the principle of solidarity.
You have assured us of your commitment to Europe’s role in the world, which must be a strong role.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
I am assured by practitioners in the field that access to European cultural assets will not, to this extent, open up access to our cultural heritage following the entry into force of this legislation.
﻿President.
In spite of these difficult circumstances, we are carrying on with our activities.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Furthermore, I call for greater assistance to passengers by trained staff at information points and help desks.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, an intelligent agreement between the EU and Japan would lead to stronger integration of the two economies.
Furthermore, companies surveyed have mentioned other reasons why they are deterred from investing in Japan.
In our crisis countries, we have higher deficits, and we also have an ailing economy, not only in the crisis countries but Europe-wide.
I am interested to see what will happen now.
It is also good that we changed the name of the committee from ‘Internal Market and Legal Affairs’ to ‘Internal Market and Consumer Protection’.
﻿Elisabeth Köstinger (PPE), in writing.
I mean: please stop this!
That is why I had no problem at all in voting in favour of this report.
﻿Mr President, we are happy to see Commissioner Hahn with us in today’s plenary.
I fear that we have an exhibition on shale gas directly outside the Chamber that is incompatible with Article 6(1) of these rules.
Questions of acceptance also come into the equation.
We need to acknowledge explicitly that we have placed the emphasis very firmly on freedom, an issue towards which Europe has a strong leaning.
The current crisis has prompted a fundamental discussion about the future of Europe.
In addition to the existing promotion measures for information initiatives, such as the School Milk Scheme, I am advocating ambitious measures to promote agricultural products.
This reduction in the regulations will simplify the situation in this sector in an efficient and future-oriented way, as attention has also been given to ensuring that the current level of protection is not reduced.
The recast version is of considerable importance.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in this year’s enlargement strategy, the Commission has defined the key issues very accurately.
It is also essential to focus on consumers.
It is also a false argument, because the fact is that during the period from 2007 to 2013, the European budget grew by just 1.95 %, compared with much larger increases in all the national budgets.
Accepting Turkey as an accession candidate was a mistake.
Secondly, there are signs that at present, the warehouses are being emptied at a very rapid pace in China, with shiploads of solar modules now already being transported to the European Union.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
The Fundamental Rights Agency says so.
It is entirely possible to provide labelling for alcopops for example.
I do not think that it is right to work towards conciliation with such a difficult dossier.
The first is: there should be no more last-minute decisions.
To Mr Cohn-Bendit I would point out that, as capable as he is, not even Mr Orbán can solve all the world’s problems from China to North Africa.
Member States must be able to prevent traces of GMOs occurring unintentionally both in conventional and in organic crops.
Mr Westerwelle and Mrs Merkel, have you not noticed the revolutionary changes in the region?
Who does what with which instruments and when?
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
For this reason, I find this to be a very good report.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
This will benefit the European economy, as studies show that bringing women into companies and into top management positions improves productivity and efficiency and produces better financial results.
Given that the framework conditions of the EU have changed radically in the meantime, it would seem that some changes would be in order.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
This reflects the divergent interests in, and experience with, the European Union.
Older people must be able to play a greater and more active role in life, because their experience and the work they do are important for their families and for their professions.
I therefore believe that this report can get things moving again in this area.
This is grotesque.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
As far as the scope of the regulation is concerned, it is clear that wholesale energy markets should include not only the organised energy exchanges but also the unregulated markets, because their transactions could have an influence on trading on the energy exchanges.
It is important to me that this proposal for a regulation functions as a tailor-made supplement to the general financial regulations.
Without complete transparency and without access to this information, democracy cannot function.
We need to catch up.
Is it the Member State, or is it Frontex?
I voted in favour of the report since the EU’s offshore operations should offer the best possible level of safety in the oil production sector, so that disasters are avoided in the first place.
﻿Mr President, as EU Member States we are in agreement as far as verbal actions go;
It includes, firstly, a detailed definition of the concept, secondly, specific rights and obligations, thirdly, precise handling deadlines, fourthly, a right to a hearing and information, fifthly, specific training for EU officials and, sixthly, an independent point of contact that will explain the options while preserving anonymity.
﻿Martin Ehrenhauser (NI).
Such additional monitoring structures would surely have been appropriate and helpful for the Agency in Ljubljana and not counterproductive as some fellow Members obviously feared.
﻿President.
He describes the jubilation that broke out throughout Israel when the decision was taken and the majority of votes were in favour of Israel.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the newly established principle of ‘more for more’ should be brought to bear on the Eastern partnership, in particular, when it comes to the development of civil society.
As experienced Europeans, it is only natural for us to be cautious about each agreement that has been negotiated with the United States.
﻿Hermann Winkler (PPE), in writing.
Despite the need for criticism, I would like to emphasise that we on the left are aware of our responsibility for the European Union.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, you have made it quite clear today, Mr Barroso, that you are not an honest broker, you are the head of the European government.
We must ensure that the private sector does more to make use of its knowledge and expertise in the service of sustainability.
It is a violation of privacy and intimacy, and we expressly discussed the fact that that is exactly what we do not want.
Too much is at stake when it comes to the climate agreements.
The President of the Commission says: ‘We need the financial transaction tax’.
Applying criminal sanctions to political decisions with the aim of destroying the opposition is not acceptable.
Moreover, it is to be welcomed that, following the committee’s report, there must always be public disclosure of evaluations of projects and beneficiaries of the EBRD and that there will be tighter controls in future.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
The efforts of Bulgaria and Romania to better protect their borders with non-EU countries do not even begin to meet the Schengen criteria.
Moreover, the fear that opening up the borders will open the floodgates to organised crime has to be refuted inasmuch as the inclusion of these two countries in the Schengen area and the associated inclusion of Romania and Bulgaria in the common Schengen Information System would, on the contrary, provide increased security.
﻿Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the S&D Group.
This is another consequence of the delays in European policy making.
I believe that it is dishonest to cite the crisis and production costs that are allegedly too high or, as has been mentioned today, environmental legislation as a justification for mass redundancies.
We must help the people who are suffering.
Given the number of people who are currently unemployed and who will be in future, it makes no sense to allow more unqualified workers into Europe.
﻿Madam President, the directive on combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of children and child pornography sends out a clear message.
At the same time, it was right for us as Parliament to have persisted in our view that an obligation to block content on the Internet is not the right path to take.
Mr President, Mr Dominik, Mr Lewandowski, ladies and gentlemen, let us not be under any illusions.
That would be the greatest contribution to simplification that we and you could achieve.
We must take care to ensure that Sharia law is not cemented in place via the back door.
In addition, the economic and political links are too strong.
Therefore, it is very important for us to focus on the issue of distribution.
In the case of the strategic framework, it is a pilot project.
Roaming provides a good example here.
They were extremely critical of many of them.
As the US continues to maintain a consistent boycott of the ICC, it is all the more important that the EU and its Member States should support the Court in accordance with the original principle upon which our Union is based.
In the short term, the European Central Bank (ECB) must play a different role and the Heads of State or Government must commit to this.
From Christian, central European Croatia almost the impossible is demanded, whereas Islamic, Anatolian Turkey can always count on our forbearance.
In this process I was particularly concerned that the rights of the suspected person – particularly as regards the right to remain silent – should have no negative consequences, as was in fact the case in the law of certain Member States.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI).
I believe that this debate is important and I would like to thank Mr Lisek for his positive report.
Most importantly, the failed attempt to leverage the rescue funds demonstrates the power and the powerlessness of the policy.
﻿Martin Schulz, on behalf of the S&D Group.
You Mr Cashman, on the other hand, will most definitely not.
That is not true.
So, let us also have a little bit of truth here.
﻿Madam President, Commissioner, Mr Fleckenstein, I would like to express my sincere thanks for your excellent coordination.
As a result of good preparation, knowledge of the facts and the good political judgment that is needed in difficult times, the Polish Presidency has excelled.
Administrative processes and decisions, including those relating to personnel issues, should be published.
The point is also to find employers once again, young, well-trained employers who are capable of securing employment.
Violations of antitrust law should receive stiff penalties, transparent framework conditions should provide for greater competitiveness in implementing the single market for energy, as well as in the still underdeveloped area of cross-border transactions.
My aim is to serve in the capacity of President of the Parliament in such a way that those who voted for me can be proud of their choice and so that those who did not vote for me will be pleasantly surprised.
Why do we allow people to bad-mouth these unique historical achievements?
It is up to all of us to do this together.
Thank you, Mr Silvestris, I take note of what you have said.
﻿President.
Mr Newton Dunn: 170 votes
Therefore, I would like to extend a very warm welcome to you.
﻿We are also not discussing the previous communist regime in Hungary.
The service must be made more user-friendly.
It is the most efficient solution for improving the availability of these products, creating incentives for innovation and ensuring effective protection of human health and the environment.
The ever increasing discrepancy between farm input and production costs, on the one hand, and farm gate prices, on the other, is putting European agriculture at risk of becoming uneconomic.
I therefore welcome the fact that the Commission is, for once, looking into the market not only from the consumer point of view, but also from that of producers.
What is the Council offering us?
The divisions and the uproar within the European Union are continuing.
It would have been better if the oil embargo had been put into effect immediately – although I fully understand the need of some Member States to find means of diversification.
The debate is closed.
Modern cookers reduce the health hazards of smoke, cause fewer hazardous emissions and enable dirty drinking water to be boiled and purified.
The first is that we want renewable energy.
It does not, however, provide any real ways to solve the problem of the abolition of the milk quotas.
The Committee on Culture and Education has put forward a series of proposals for how this can reasonably be taken into consideration.
Firstly, you are the person who is in a position to bring civilisation back to Italian politics, after it has been through a rather difficult period.
I have established that steps in this direction are already under way in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
The next item is the debate on
The situation is slowly starting to become outrageous.
This money has never been repaid.
﻿Fourteen years have now passed and nothing has happened.
I have already called for it in my report on solidarity between the generations.
I believe that we should not just be calling for the lifting of the death penalty, but that we should also discuss further sanctions against the regime.
We could implement all the savings ourselves without having to consult with the Council.
I am aware that we women who have today made these grand speeches, often still have to fight for majorities in our own parties.
The heirs, for their part, face disputes that are to some extent irresolvable but always cost time and money.
A major information campaign will be necessary.
There are no tensions between the peoples and the nations of Europe.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
I also believe, however, that Mr Putin’s new presidential term represents an opportunity now to take a new step towards further democratisation, that there is a chance to review the imprisonment of political prisoners, that the non-registration of opposition parties could be examined and that Mr Putin’s election promise to tackle corruption could become a reality.
That ought to be the message from this House.
Since the start of the negotiations on an Enhanced Partnership and Cooperation Agreement, which I very much welcome, and following the regrettable events in the Zhanaozen district and in connection with the parliamentary elections, we have now focused particular attention on Kazakhstan.
The freezing of accounts, which is a matter for the individual EU Member States, is also questionable.
I would like to ask the Commission: what is your strategy for rescuing Poland from this psychological and political isolation?
This brings me to my second point, namely the safety of consumers.
The debate is closed.
As a consequence, countless small and medium-sized construction companies and suppliers have been ruined, resulting in widespread job losses among construction workers.
The EU’s fixation on multi-ethnic Balkan states has proven to be a dead-end for the countries in question.
It may also offer access to curative or preventive medical care.
However, we are not prepared to pursue a policy that allows the IMF to support us appropriately.
This far left judicature of the European Court of Human Rights is something we do not need.
These passports were introduced in 2004 following pressure from the United States, and they contain the biometric images and fingerprints of the holder.
Then the confusion really would be perfect.
Careful consideration is needed here.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
The basic idea here may indeed be quite a good one.
Mr President, risk-sharing instruments can improve the involvement of the private sector in the financing of important projects in EU Member States affected by the crisis in order to secure jobs and growth.
The objective here is no longer equality for women, but the complete restructuring of society on the basis of left-wing social engineering.
However, we did pave the way for this development ourselves.
Only together, ladies and gentlemen, can we move forward.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, a few years ago, I made a cross-border call on my mobile phone in Europe and the bill for my 15-minute conversation was EUR 123.
I would like to express my thanks to the Court of Auditors for its numerous very sensible suggestions on this subject.
It goes without saying that the UN must improve its efficiency and, in particular, become more transparent.
It is further proof of how important it is that Parliament sets the agenda on important matters.
Is that the case?
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
We need to continue consolidating the national budgets so that we can begin investing in these areas again.
The gap between the reality and the standards is widening.
Furthermore, in contrast with the agreement with South Korea, there is no reference to fair and ethical trade.
Therefore, the conclusion that we must draw from this discussion is that we cannot simply stand by and watch while less money is spent on SMEs in Horizon 2020 and the Programme for the Competitiveness of Enterprises and SMEs (COSME) than in …
During this process, we can learn from the practical implementation of European structural policy, in particular, where competitive procedures were used and where companies had to compete for EU money.
The foreign policy instrument of state building must not be allowed to be an instrument of such a development.
That is pleasing, and I fully endorse what you have said here.
Please would you get moving on this, and instead of looking into alternatives, just go with Parliament’s proposals.
Assistance programmes costing billions then have to be financed, while increased insurance premiums for tankers are passed up the value chain and added to end prices.
However, it is also necessary to ensure that no group is given preferential treatment.
I have abstained from voting because I am not in total agreement with the rapporteur and believe that fine tuning is required right now.
Accordingly, this situation should be investigated once again.
Over the last year, EU exports to Japan had a total value of around EUR 49 billion, while exports from Japan to the EU came in at around EUR 69 billion – in other words, we are talking about a very important part of our economic dynamics.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I, too, would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Fjellner, and also the shadow rapporteur, Mr Martin, and the other shadow rapporteurs.
It is the saddest day of your Presidency.
This comprehensive approach must also be discernible in the way the Special Representative for Human Rights collaborates with other actors.
The mood among the population of my constituency is so bad that it is clear: we want to help, but we also want to have rules, and those rules should be adhered to and checked.
Quite simply, it is also a matter of both sides making a few concessions.
While the few enjoy the benefits of the free trade agreement, the majority of the population gets nothing out of it.
As rapporteur for the recent resolution on the 14th directive, I am disappointed at the inadequate follow-up from the Commission.
I should like to state firmly that the work on the European private company was taken up too early, has not been fully thought out by the Commission, and does not take into account the current requirements of the people of Europe.
At the same time, the Member States are drifting further and further apart.
The ordinary legislative procedure will be used here, not the delegated act planned by the Commission or the implementing act planned by the Council.
﻿Matthias Groote (S&D), Blue-card question.
Mr Lewandowski belongs to your own group of parties and, what is so important, we can implement this proposal in 2012.
We in Parliament and the Council must finally summon up the courage to implement this sensible policy.
I am voting against the motion for a resolution because, although economic growth is undoubtedly important in rescuing Europe from the economic doldrums, a confederation of allied European states as already largely set down in the Treaty of Maastricht would be quite sufficient for this.
The European Commission’s action plan on company law mainly aims to guarantee freedom of establishment for businesses throughout the EU, to enhance performance and competitiveness among businesses and to promote cross-border cooperation between businesses in different Member States.
﻿President.
﻿Britta Reimers, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
In Parliament’s negotiations with the Council and the Commission, the idea was always in the background that the fourth railway package would also herald the separation of networks and operators.
﻿However, please let us do it then and not tomorrow.
(Applause)
The PPE Group will fight to retain these rights in Europe.
They are accustomed to economic suppression and a disregard for their religious needs.
I would also like to add that the report by the special committee still constitutes the basis for us in this debate.
For other reasons too, a few animal protection issues have been dealt with in laws at national level and directives at EU level.
The adjustments to the relevant regulations and the distribution of payment appropriations meant that some of the payment appropriations for 2012 were unused, leading to an increase in the surplus for 2012.
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned.
As I said, though, there was a lot of work to do and I hope that things will be somewhat easier from here on in.
In this context, it strikes me as important that the Member States should work more closely together in order to increase awareness for donation.
﻿Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, what happened in the Mediator case really was a major scandal.
That is our deep conviction and that is why we, the elected representatives of the European people, will continue to fight for the abolition of the death penalty around the globe.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
We also need to make clear that a preventative approach is the right one to take, Mr Van Orden.
﻿That was an advantage, as Mr Vidal-Quadras pointed out.
﻿Markus Pieper, on behalf of the PPE Group.
We have various legal bases for our Europeanisation of energy policy.
However, measures are required on a Europe-wide basis that will promote sales and increase brand recognition.
That is why I want to strengthen dialogue with civil society.
Of course, the big question that divides us from many of our colleagues is to what extent these influences should be permitted, representing as they do attempts to intervene in other countries through trade policy.
You are putting the emphasis on greater regulation by the institutions, because this is what the financial elite needs.
Many people say that friendship stops when it comes to money.
I know that it was difficult to also get the numerous good ideas that we had in Parliament through the tough negotiations with the Council.
(Applause)
We have to bring forward the energy revolution.
Mr President, President of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Committee on the Environment would like to remind you that, although it is responsible only for an infinitesimal part of the European budget, we will certainly not achieve the aims of the Europe 2020 strategy if we do not commit sufficient appropriations to the programmes and measures relating to environment and climate action and biodiversity.
In the end, thanks to the ESM, the taxpayers will be liable for debts for which they are not responsible, without even being consulted.
﻿President.
﻿Hermann Winkler (PPE).
My best wishes for our – and especially his – continued, successful work.
﻿Peter Jahr, on behalf of the PPE Group.
For that reason, I ask that the interinstitutional agreement with the Commission be revised accordingly.
﻿President.
Mr President, Ms Reding, we are doing quite well in one case, I think, that of Oliver Weilharter, an Austrian boy abducted to Denmark.
﻿Martin Ehrenhauser (NI).
Protecting children in the digital world is part of that.
Between 2008 and 2011, there was a 4 % fall in output in Europe (from 20 % to 16 %)
We want to make it clear in our resolution that we explicitly reject this, as it could allow basic rights such as the freedom of speech, freedom of information and commercial development potential to be restricted.
If they demonstrate their commitment in this form, we should treat them accordingly.
Fervent pro-Europeans like me have been saying here for many years that creating a union without democracy will not work.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
﻿Jan Philipp Albrecht, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
This is political schizophrenia!
Let me make it clear that the European Parliament is of course mindful of its responsibility in the budgetary procedure and, like the European Commission, is seeking to reach an agreement.
As regards efficiency, there are still some problems here.
We are going to put forward proposals on position limits and accountability, but the text that you are going to adopt – in a few weeks I hope – and the amendments on which you are going to give your verdict are one way of ensuring transparency and accountability on the commodity markets.
I wish to voice my agreement with Mr Giegold on the need for consolidated global supervision.
I am particularly grateful to your rapporteur, Mr Stolojan, for his decisive contribution, which made it possible to improve the directive in several important areas.
In practice, some Member States may have this under control, but I really do not see why we could not have been bolder at this point in time.
However, as I said at the start of my speech, I cannot simply imagine how staff, who should exercise real control, will be recruited for this agency.
That is a view I share, but at the same time I cannot help but remember that we Members already include a passage aimed at prohibiting naked short selling in the dossier on alternative investment fund managers.
With that in mind, I am pleased that we – as Parliament – are now sending out a clear signal as regards this important dossier.
‘Economically, CDSs are insurance ...
Some of the investment banks tell me that they need them if they provide credit lines to some small and second-tier banks.
It should reconsider again whether it really wants to maintain this blocking minority.
Temporary management by the Commission cannot ensure the technical and operational capacity that, by contrast, the creation of an appropriate agency will allow.
In the words of Ambassador Eacho, ‘freedom without security is fragile;
In short, this great project led to this great city winning on its own merits and not as a result of political decisions.
Secondly, I hope that Israel will allow the flotilla in which our fellow Member, my good friend Willy Meyer, is travelling to reach Gaza, and of course that the aggression that took place against the Mavi Marmara flotilla does not reoccur.
However, deep-rooted problems remain.
The 112 number is extremely useful.
We should examine the negative as well as the positive effects of such support.
Thank you.
The sooner we wean ourselves off fossil fuels coming from other regimes, the stronger we will be in Europe and the greater chance we will have of creating a sense of Europe – one voice, one Europe – and then we will be able to convert the world.
Written statements (Rule 149)
this would be a significant step towards achieving gender equality.
For me this is the most important aspect of the report.
Indeed, they will burden Europeans with yet more taxes, even if they try to convince the public that they are only making the naughty banks pay.
It goes without saying that the Treaty provides for the Council and Parliament to make every effort to reach an agreement on the shape of the multiannual financial framework, and the Polish Presidency, together with the European Commission, will endeavour to steer the process with this in mind.
The Commission then comes out and says that 30% greening is to take place.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner Lewandowski, first of all I would like thank Mr Barroso and the whole Commission for the proposal on the new multiannual financial framework.
Especially today, when Member States are being tested fiscally and need to adapt to these particular conditions, we need to strengthen development policies.
When will we do this, and where will we find the money to do it?
We have an enormous amount of work to do to convince public opinion because some nation states have used wrong arguments against this proposal.
There is no increase in expenditure in this proposal.
We must also find a cost-benefit balance as we cannot overlook the fact that the information on the labelling, depending on the nature of that information, makes the product more expensive.
This seems to have been a long time coming.
The compromise that has now been reached with the Council ensures that every producer must specify what substitute products are made use of.
I am also pleased that we are making it a requirement to state the content per 100 grams or 100 ml.
Mr President, the aim of Amendment 137, which I tabled with 40 other colleagues, regarding languages on food labelling is respect for language diversity in the European Union.
However, the requirements for country of origin labelling of meat do not go far enough.
Madam President, more than three years ago, on 30 January 2008, the Commission adopted its proposal for a regulation on food information to consumers.
Provisionally, trans fats will not be there, and these are harmful to health.
The results of our intensive monitoring programme continue to show a significant overall decrease in the number of cases of the disease across the EU.
The encouraging trends in relation to BSE merit a considered review of the opportunities to focus on, and secure, financial support to assess and manage these new threats.
We must continue to fund research in this area.
Marisa Matias, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
The following questions are addressed to the Commission.
On the other hand, I have figures which show that under the new government in the last 300 days there have been more than 200 attacks on human rights activists.
I therefore consider it extremely important for us to be able to punish, effectively and rapidly, those who threaten the lives of others through their actions.
The revision clause inserted by Parliament should make this possible.
Unfortunately, however, no technical measures will guarantee 100% security.
Ways of achieving this include improved training and checks at European and national level and increased coordination and exchange of information within the EU.
It was a pleasure to work on this issue with the House and the rapporteur.
Women are making ever bolder moves towards prestigious, well-paid positions in companies, and we should therefore take note of and respond to the problems they have to face.
Looking at issues first from a broader perspective, I will assess the European Union, then I would like to analyse the issues from the Hungarian point of view.
We kept the rules of the club we joined, and responded to the criticisms raised previously here in connection with the media law by subjecting ourselves to common EU law, as we do not seek special treatment.
I do not speak Hungarian.
The crisis showed what kind of effects we may feel if one country is not performing well.
This reasoning would even seem funny if it was not so tiresomely boring.
If we need to change European law, Mr Barroso, it will have to be changed in codecision with Parliament, and let us see if you get a majority in favour of changing Schengen, Mr Barroso.
Mr Dalli, we urgently need a regulation concerning the distance between GMO fields and conventional crops.
These solutions cannot be regarded as good ones.
So proposing to Member States now that this debate can be taken up again without a clear legal basis will create more problems than it will solve.
President.
Member States can prohibit or restrict GMOs on the basis of additional environment-related grounds, such as the prevention of pesticide resistance amongst weeds and pests, the maintenance of local biodiversity, scientific uncertainty concerning the potential negative effects of GMOs, the socio-economic impact and the excessive costs of coexistence between conventional organic and GMO agriculture.
We have four reports in front of us today – the Langen, Lepage, Eickhout and Pieper reports – all of which have more than 50 amendments.
The companies, consumers and bodies responsible for law enforcement need a clear legal framework and a guarantee of legal security in the cross-border enforcement of the acquis in the area of consumer protection.
In June 2009 the Commission submitted two initiative proposals on the establishment of an agency for the operational management of large-scale IT systems in the area of freedom, security and justice.
I voted in favour of this report because the 112 service is key in ensuring affordable access to basic telecoms services, preventing social exclusion, offering social protection guarantees and ultimately acting as a lifeline to all EU citizens irrespective of where they are in the Union.
However, only 26% of the citizens of the Union can spontaneously identify 112 as the emergency number in the Union.
The financial crisis has demonstrated that such characteristics increase uncertainty in times of market stress and consequently pose risks to financial stability.
This regulation will cover the raw materials market in order to avoid price speculation.
These products have, until now, been traded in the absence of any regulatory framework and in an extremely opaque manner.
The 2008 European Financial Conglomerates Directive (FiCOD) establishes supervision for financial conglomerates, which can include banks, insurance companies, investment companies and asset management companies.
We should also remember that, when we are talking about the financial framework and the budget, we need to invest in innovation, to be able to discover the energy-efficient solutions and new innovations that we could employ to reach this target.
I voted for this report since it contributes to greater transparency, both for the regulatory authorities and for the markets, allowing risks in the sovereign debt market to be more easily detected.
Parliament is sending a very clear message to the Council ahead of the negotiations to come on this piece of legislation: if investors do not own sovereign bonds, or assets whose value is tied to them, they should not be able to seek profit from defaults on debt they do not own by trading in sovereign credit default swaps.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Maria Da Graça Carvalho (PPE), in writing.
I agree that the Member States should establish a dialogue framework to detect problems at an early stage and report problems such as dysfunctional market practices, conspicuous providers, products or company structures to supervision and investor compensation schemes.
The internal market in financial services must be strengthened, creating a stronger single European market.
The financial crisis has destabilised a whole series of high-risk financial products, which in some cases were sold to investors as being safe places to put their money.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Mario Pirillo (S&D).
We continue to advocate an effective application of the precautionary principle and the withdrawal of the GMO species already introduced, so defending health, the environment and farmers.
The Commission had proposed to grant EU Member States the right to ban crops on all but health or environmental grounds, which were to be solely assessed by the European Food Safety Authority.
This is a subject in which knowledge and responsibility should take centre stage in any decision making, which should also take into account a wide-ranging debate on the issue that involves public participation, and is always informed and enlightened.
In connection with the introduction of a new category of regions, there is also no plan to increase resources, which could result in a situation where converging regions that are struggling the most with structural, economic and social problems have to make savings after 2013 in favour of more developed regions to which the convergence objective would no longer apply under the current criteria.
The primary source of law must provide sufficient guarantees concerning the protection of fundamental rights and discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation.
It makes no sense to use out-of-date information, so we must ensure that we do not do that.
I would, however, like to express my concerns in the light of the most recent comments published by the Venice Commission (the Council of Europe’s advisory body on constitutional matters).
(Paragraph R(5)).
The Greens were forced to vote against an originally strong draft, after centre-right amendments aimed at fundamentally weakening the report and previous positions adopted by Parliament were passed by a narrow majority.
It is also important to make the entire structure of governance and management simpler and more flexible, and to foster the capacity for integration of the different territories in a cross-border, inter- and intra-regional sense.
José Manuel Fernandes (PPE), in writing.
However, such a policy for growth and innovation can only work in an internal market without barriers and with strong harmonisation.
I voted in favour and I would emphasise the need highlighted by the rapporteur to give greater stress to the regional contribution to European-level priorities like environmental protection, climate change, energy, transport infrastructure, etc.;
Suddenly cutting off funding when regions leave the Convergence objective will put at risk the successes that the regions have already achieved and will prevent them from further increasing their competitiveness.
diversification of means of production;
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
Europe is far from having reached the goal of a genuine internal energy market, but it is time for it to speak with one voice in setting joint short-, medium- and long-term energy policy objectives.
We need to make the accessibility, universality, quality and efficiency of these services a priority.
2. A committee may request that the European Economic and Social Committee be consulted on matters of a general nature or on specific points.
I therefore gave my full support to the alternative resolution from the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance calling for separate legislation for these social services, thereby putting a truly social Europe first.
I welcome what the report says on encouraging economic growth, supporting small businesses and addressing income inequality in developing countries.
The EU should therefore promote agro-ecological and low-external-input practices.
I welcomed this document.
With this EU development policy strategy, the European Parliament is indulging neither in double-speak nor neo-colonialism;
That reality is about the democracy and the economy we wish to see on the ground.
We have been asked to deploy an election observation mission and will do so.
As it was put to me in Benghazi by one of the many young people I met, a young man who had been imprisoned by Gaddafi for eight years as a political prisoner: ‘we want what you have: democracy as everyday life’.
He is losing his legitimate claim to power, and I therefore agree with the position of the British Foreign Secretary, William Hague, who has said that the Syrian leader must reform his regime or step aside.
This is about laying the foundations for a genuinely democratic order in the region.
I hope that the proposals put forward in this report will be implemented.
Today, I would like to emphasise two points.
I wish you good luck, Baroness Ashton.
I have proposed the appointment of a new Representative for the South Caucasus to take these different work strands forward, in cooperation with the Minsk Group co-chairs.
Mr President, I would like to say to Baroness Ashton that, first of all, I regret that this debate has not resulted in a Parliament resolution.
They all said that they are absolutely terrified of what may happen in Nagorno-Karabakh.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
Since Armenia and Azerbaijan are target countries of the European Neighbourhood Policy, the European Union should play an integral part in the resolution of the conflict.
Nearly one million internally displaced persons (IDPs) are hostages to the current situation, which has been going on for too long.
The nine months ahead will be very important for Russia’s future development.
Baroness Ashton, I can only hope that, together with Presidents Barroso and Van Rompuy, you addressed this very clearly in your talks with President Medvedev in Nizhny Novgorod.
We will assess in detail the recent measures introduced by the Danish authorities.
This genie must be re-bottled, as freedom and freedom of movement are not up for negotiation;
A sovereign state has an obligation to itself to stand up, at all times, for the interests of its own people as best it can.
(Applause)
That is really not too bright of you, Mr Tusk, as, over the last seven years, Poland has received no less than EUR 67 billion in European subsidies.
It should be emphatically noted that the common security and defence policy is not a secondary option, but rather it is a necessity.
It is our ambition to support negotiations with Ukraine on association and increased trade.
I think that is also the tradition of Bronislaw Geremek, a great Polish political leader.
We know from experience the disadvantages that can come from domestic political events overshadowing the work of the Presidency.
(Applause)
There should be no question of hasty decisions on subjects such as these.
I think that this report is excellent, as is the Commission’s commitment to establishing new ground rules in both the long and the short term.
We need rules for effective crisis management, greater integration between the Member States and sustainability in employment and growth policies.
(Applause)
However, I am encouraged by those of you who do share that view.
You are always equally stimulating to work with and a master of compromise.
This is, if I may say so, completely unrealistic – visionary perhaps, but unrealistic.
It demands strong political decisions, a leap in investment levels and innovation.
I hope that all the Member States and all road users will be the winners from this report.
This now means it will be compulsory to state the origin of meat on the label.
Labels will have to spell out a food’s energy content as well as fat, saturated fat, carbohydrates, sugars, protein and salt levels, in a way that makes them easy for consumers to read.
I tend to side with those who believe that we need greater harmonisation here.
However, as the food industry has to pay the costs of the new labelling procedure, we cannot exclude the possibility of food price rises.
This report is therefore a first step towards the type of cross-border cooperation that already exists between Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany and Luxembourg.
It has happened not as the result of a decision of this House or of any of the national legislatures.
Recent figures from Eurostat state that road fatalities in Ireland fell by 16% in 2010 and have decreased by 51% over the last ten years.
The Council adopted its proposal and asked the European Parliament for consent to its proposal without entering into any negotiations with the European Parliament with a view to agreeing a common position.
Göran Färm, Anna Hedh, Olle Ludvigsson, Marita Ulvskog and Åsa Westlund (S&D), in writing.
At the same time, we see fundamental problems with this.
On the foreign policy front and with regard more specifically to the European Neighbourhood Policy and the European Union’s enlargement, the following year will be particularly busy.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Consumer protection, animal health and the eradication of Transmissible Spongiform Encephalopathies are our main goals and must, therefore, be of overriding importance when considering changes to the current rules.
Anna Maria Corazza Bildt (PPE).
The document adopted by the majority in Parliament, which follows in the wake of the panic that has spread about the ‘escalating terrorist threat’, seeks to implement the method of body scanning at EU level.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
Terrorism represents a genuine danger for the Member States of the European Union.
One by one, the pillars that sustained the European ideal have been kicked away and yet we continue to tell ourselves that the answer is more integration, more Europe, monetary and fiscal union, common economic governance, and so on.
One clear response arising from this public hearing is that we must develop women’s potential and their creative energy, and make use of their managerial talent, entrepreneurial spirit and sound judgment of risk.
The disparity is widest at the very top, where only 3% of such companies have a woman directing the highest decision-making body.
Lena Ek (ALDE), in writing.
The crisis is far from over and we can expect the economic situation to deteriorate at any time, both in Europe and globally.
In June 2010, although it had reached conclusions and the crisis was in full swing, Parliament decided to prolong the committee’s mandate until the end of July 2011.
There is a need to adapt the current framework to the EU’s new institutional and legal framework.
The advantage of this report is that it includes a series of European responses to tackling the euro crisis with measures heading in the direction, very specifically, of Eurobonds and the need to tax financial institutions.
The economic and financial stability of the EU will eventually make the European project sustainable.
Therefore, at this time, I believe it would not be sensible to vote for rises.
On the other hand, it allows consular staff to verify whether Member States recognise a given travel document for the purpose of affixing the visa sticker.
Lastly, I would like to address a question to the Member States.
The European Commission must ensure that all Member States reach this important target, which is vital for growth and jobs.
In conclusion, we believe that the European Union should increase research investment in both fixed and mobile future communication technologies and develop joint technology initiatives in these areas, involving universities, research institutes, device manufacturers and service and content providers.
I think that the European Union must show solidarity, support the victims of these atrocities and help, as far as possible, to find a lasting solution to an extremely difficult situation in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The plan favouring a military solution to resolve the conflict in South Kivu has proved to be a failure.
Madam President, there are not many of us here, but we are here and we are speaking out on behalf of Europe.
The fact that Indonesia has ratified the fundamental human rights conventions, and its election as a member of the UN Human Rights Council, are highly valued achievements in Europe and throughout the world.
The resolution refers to a series of acts of discrimination committed against several minorities, which cause tensions between different communities, making them victims of religious intolerance.
Since 2002, the EU has funded, for an amount of EUR 750 000, eight projects carried out by civil society organisations.
The European Parliament has shown just how much we have all been united and scandalised by this ruling, which is a purely legal decision.
When I came to this Parliament we had beef mountains, butter mountains, milk lakes – this is all gone.
Mr Duff also wants a new electoral authority to oversee the election of these new MEPs and an electoral roll for the whole of Europe.
We must ensure that the elections and also the issues are European in nature.
These show rapidly declining support for the European project, and most particularly for this Parliament.
This means that you have no faith in your parties to actually put forward good people.
Therefore, we have not done enough in my opinion.
There is also the problem of clearance of mines, with the report pointing out that some countries are overly reliant on international assistance.
This approach requires beneficiary countries to prioritise mine action in their programmes, as called for in the report.
We are commemorating and remembering what happened in London on 7 July 2005, an event we will never forget.
Salvatore Iacolino (PPE).
Moreover, there is no doubt that the increase in the average age of older people affects the social structure of each system in a number of ways.
European aid to support authoritarian states does not always guarantee democratic development;
Europe must offer its neighbouring countries something more than just a stick to lean on.
Establishing this form of communication with national authorities will facilitate the external policymaking process at EU level.
Parliament’s own representation in any new form of interparliamentary cooperation should be on a scale which reflects the range and importance of its role in scrutinising CFSP/CSDP, and should recognise the common European nature of such policies and satisfy the need to reflect the political and geographic pluralism of the House.
However, in order to achieve this, we need to agree on the way in which we will cooperate in future.
However, even faced with this difficult situation, there are plans to dramatically reduce funding for food aid from EUR 500 million in 2011 to EUR 113 million in 2012.
Sophie Auconie (PPE), in writing.
Mitro Repo (S&D).
These commitments should materialise in public awareness initiatives, the sharing of good practices between Member States and the promotion of local, national and EU-wide initiatives.
It was impossible not to think of Lear on the heath: ‘I will do such things – what they are, yet I know not: but they shall be the terrors of the earth’.
The EU needs to overhaul its approach to promoting democracy in the world while simultaneously placing values, coherence and a genuine culture of results at the heart of the project.
The people’s struggle is the best and surest response to stop all those who, like the majority in Parliament, are trying to stop the course of history.
Prospects for reaching concrete negotiating results in the short term look rather bleak.
In this respect, I would like to remind you that Article 208 of the Lisbon Treaty on the consistency of development policies obliges the European Union to consider the impact of trade and other policies on developing countries.
They are vital to the manufacture of permanent magnets used in wind turbines, as well as to electric vehicles, car catalytic converters, PCBs, fibre optics and high-temperature superconductors.
Finally, we urge the Commission to update the list of raw materials on a regular basis so that we can keep abreast of market and technology developments.
With regard to international policy, I wish to reassure you – and I regret that Ms Matias and Ms Figueiredo are not in the Chamber at present – that I have no intention of pursuing neocolonial policies in Africa.
thank you Mr Tajani.
This report, focusing only on minerals, takes a narrow and short-term approach to tackling the availability of specific raw materials and particularly rare earths.
Against the background of recent developments in East Africa, it is important to include Somalia in the list of states targeted by the EU’s counter-terrorism policy.
Texts that were agreed unanimously are now being put forward for deletion by several Groups.
It is also important to evaluate the last 10 years.
It is true that this brand image can provide advantages, but it does not always mean greater efficiency, given the legislative diversity in terms of accounting statements liable to be processed in a special way in each Member State.
An open session of the Conference of Presidents is to be held here in the Chamber on Wednesday from 14.00 to 15.30.
Firstly, independence.
As part of the integrated maritime policy, the Commission is currently working on a pillar for the Black Sea regional process with the aim of adapting the tools developed at EU level to the challenges faced by the region and to the opportunities for this basin.
These efforts must be shared by all of the parties involved, and the Commission welcomes the industry’s positive response to some of its calls for progress.
They certainly work for a living, but do not always receive payment in return.
The Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators (ACER) is the right institution for monitoring trade transactions and for providing data to countries when they are investigating breaches and imposing sanctions.
Re-regulation or monopolisation of energy production and distribution will never provide the solution.
We would then have an amendment process that can be easily followed electronically through all our institutions in the same way, so that our citizens can participate.
This makes me very hopeful that we will also be successful in future in the case of Mr Cashman’s forthcoming report and that we will be able to agree and to find the right definitions.
On the contrary, it is very difficult for ordinary citizens to understand the circuitous routes by which European law is drafted, implemented and complied with.
I would therefore like to ask the Commission to revise its proposals, and I also firmly believe that it is possible to make progress with the legislative process.
Another important point, mentioned by Ms Sommer, is the proposal to ensure space to think.
My last comment is on the proposal for the new procedural court.
Mr Rangel drew attention to the question of public consultations, and also to the enhanced role of national parliaments which was introduced by the Treaty of Lisbon.
We need to be completely clear about that.
EU legislation should be straight to the point and understandable for everyone, and this should apply both to the documents produced and the way they are prepared and negotiated.
The critical moment comes when Members of the House draft amendments in committee and ministers present the views and positions of their countries in the Council.
Our estimation is that the same number of requests for access would be granted.
But we also have more encouraging examples from recent months – for example, a petition tabled in May which fell within the context of an ongoing debate on origin labelling, with specific reference to canned fish products following the Fukushima disaster.
It is of huge importance that tomorrow, the Secretary-General of the ILO will come to this Chamber and discuss related issues with us.
Antonio Tajani, Vice-President of the Commission.
We will send a message of confidence to these young people who are starting work.
Madam President, honourable Members, I see that the honourable Members from the Mediterranean have received the message from Ms Wallis and are giving Mr Andor a short break.
Peter Šťastný (PPE).
This is why the support of the online problem-solving network SOLVIT is so important, because it allows barriers within the internal market to be removed.
Antonio Tajani, Vice-President of the Commission.
a decisive step forward in the process of integration.
60% of UK businesses would renegotiate our relationship with the EU to return to a simple free trade area.
We should recognise reality here: the reality is that instead of approaching that target, we are moving further and further away from it, and it is a direct result of the cuts and attacks that are imposed on working people right across Europe.
Did the Member States really take advantage of 2010, the year for combating poverty, to actually address this major source of insecurity, which has become a chronic emergency?
Monika Flašíková Beňová (S&D).
These people are particularly vulnerable.
László Andor, Member of the Commission.
How much data do we already have from different Member States on this issue?
Madam President, I have particular reason to speak in this debate, because this issue is, for me personally, a very important one.
There are many reasons for getting into this situation.
It has been proven scientifically that the benefits from cutting non-CO2 anthropogenic emissions are felt immediately and directly in the areas where measures are taken.
Nevertheless, in matrimonial and custody cases, I believe mediation is suitable, largely because in such cases, negotiated settlements are desirable in themselves, as they are more likely to be observed.
I would like to thank Ms McCarthy, her collaborators and teams and the other parliamentarians very much.
The changes made concur with the directive in the main objectives and the method of creating a separate institution of mediation in procedural law, as well as in the need for doing so.
The proposal is another step in introducing the European Union’s common immigration and asylum policy as enshrined in the Lisbon Treaty.
It is therefore imperative that we take steps to help these disillusioned, sick and starving fugitives as they reach their destination.
Furthermore, the changes mean Frontex will also have a mandate to process personal data obtained during operations coordinated by the agency to use in the fight against crime and human trafficking.
The European Parliament will have a very direct involvement in this, even though future amendments to this regulation will, I hope, strengthen MEPs’ right of scrutiny.
Frontex is neither a perfect alibi nor a tool for the Member States to use in support of their own migration policies.
In this report that we now have here, we demonstrate how we can make further improvements to the high-quality work that Frontex does.
I say this, of course, because the Treaty of Lisbon has come into force and Frontex is now accountable for its actions to the Court of Justice, which is no small thing;
(Applause)
Those timid dreams then became bold dreams of Poland’s participation in the development of a free world.
Zigmantas Balčytis (S&D), in writing.
Parliament could thus fulfil its control function vis-à-vis the European Commission.
In view of future amendments to this regulation, there is a need to improve EU coordination and its role in the international control regimes, and to ensure that the EU speaks with a single voice and with strong parliamentary backing on all issues within exclusive EU competence.
I therefore voted in favour of this resolution because the 20-plus regulations on various agricultural sectors – from dairy to fruit and vegetables, from tobacco to flowers – have become obsolete as subsequent acts have been drawn up to respond to the needs of a continually evolving agricultural sector in the EU 27.
Rolandas Paksas (EFD), in writing.
I am delighted that, despite the opposition of some Member States, it has been possible to push through my proposal for a guarantee regarding compliance with human rights, including religious freedoms, from third country parties wishing to use this service.
No totalitarian or authoritarian states should therefore be able to participate in the project.
In my opinion, we need to take as many reasonable steps as possible to enforce the law more strictly in the area of forestry.
From March 2008 to January 2010, new negotiations were held, which resulted in the present draft agreement, which will increase EU-Norway trade in agricultural products.
Nuno Melo (PPE), in writing.
Mr Martin is also accused of having misled the auditors responsible for scrutinising the use of funds by submitting ‘fictitious documents’.
In order to enable the full contribution of FCH technologies, continuous and stable public support and accompanying policy measures are still needed to overcome the remaining technological, economic and institutional barriers to their widespread commercialisation.
However, the recent crisis has been causing reduced investment in this area, leading to a decline in its activity.
Research and technological development underpin Europe’s goal of achieving a constant and significant reduction in carbon emissions.
While the role played by banks, hedge funds, rating agencies, supervisors or central banks has been questioned and analysed in depth in many instances, limited attention has been given so far to how the audit function could be enhanced in order to contribute to increased financial stability.
This measure will attract as many participants as possible to the audit market and create a healthy competitive environment.
Iva Zanicchi (PPE), in writing.
It is important to note that women comprise no less than 50% of the population in any EU country.
Furthermore, Europe has the highest proportion of older women in the world.
There is widespread fear that the older generation is becoming a heavy burden on younger and working-age people, and this could result in tensions between generations.
I supported this report, which confirms the fact that the proportion of elderly people is very high in European society in comparison with the rest of the world, and is continually increasing.
Special attention must therefore be paid to women by establishing networks called ‘embassies’, as is being done in 22 EU Member States.
Miguel Portas (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Shorter or interrupted careers due to childbirth or caring for others and a persistent and significant gender pay gap, which only increases with age, also contribute to this fact.
I voted for this report for the above reasons.
It therefore does not limit the right to judicial dispute resolution, but rather encourages parties to resolve disputes through a mediation procedure.
Mediation is an effective form of dispute resolution that is able to ensure the protection of the parties’ legitimate rights and interests, without recourse to the courts and to confrontation-based civil proceedings, particularly in civil cases.
Financial incentives for participation in mediation and mandatory mediation requirements help to make dispute resolution more effective and reduce the courts’ workload.
For the purposes of assessment, in order to prevent abuse and to avoid refinancing from taxpayers’ money, greater transparency needs to be imposed through an EU-wide obligation to report annually on activities, etc.
Lastly, the new provisions on transparency will guarantee a more level playing field.
In addition, there are international agreements in place already: OECD standards must prevent unlawful subsidies and promote fair competition.
The amendments proposed by the report will encourage transparency in the granting of export credits and the involvement of electors’ direct representatives – Members of this House – in issues central to economic development.
Anne Delvaux (PPE), in writing.
It calls for the introduction of a stockpiling mechanism for critical raw materials and of concrete measures to tackle market instability.
Rolandas Paksas (EFD), in writing.
The European Union, the second largest fishing power in the world, must preserve this status by adopting a better approach to the problems relating to pollution and the effects of climate change on fish stocks.
The essence of the report is the proposal for a coordinated and common approach in the area of fisheries that would also apply to third countries, including Russia, Ukraine, Turkey and Georgia.
The report that will be voted on tomorrow reflects the EU’s responsibility to ensure that its coasts are protected and that it has the capacity to respond to this type of environmental disaster.
There is also an urgent need to take the measures necessary to ensure compliance with these through effective monitoring and control.
I share the rapporteur’s opinion of the proposal that all Member States’ legislative and regulatory frameworks should adopt a robust regime, in line with current best practices, where all drilling proposals are accompanied by a safety case, which needs to be approved before operations can begin.
Oil and gas exploration in European waters or elsewhere is not the only answer to solve Europe’s energy mix, but it is vital to securing a diversified energy mix and thousands of British and European jobs.
In the business world, those running their own companies are often far more dedicated than employees and put in longer hours, making personal sacrifices to succeed against the competition.
It is good news that this has primarily been brought about by courageous freedom fighters in the country.
My third and final point is that Libya has ample resources.
Madam President, first of all I would like to say that I think this debate today proves that both the European strategy and the international community’s strategy on Libya in the last few months have brought positive results.
The most pressing task for the new Libyan authorities is ending the violence and establishing the elementary basis for the rule of law.
Then they will begin to fight for one man, one vote, which Israel will be unable to accept because the Palestinians will make up the majority, so Israel will be forced to create an apartheid State.
In my opinion, therefore, we need to take appropriate measures now.
These processes should run side by side.
Any conflict between the religious groups would be dangerous for the course of events in the country, as well as for the region’s stability.
And that is even without mentioning those Member States which, according to press reports, have in various ways more or less rallied behind the Palestinian plan.
You cannot be proud of a country where anti-Semitism is routine, can you?
Its identity paradoxically grows stronger in the national sentiment with every day that passes, thanks to the occupation.
This issue can be approached from an outside perspective – any implications that the outcome of the General Assembly might have on the peace process, and any change to the status quo, count a great deal – and from the perspective of the internal dimension of the EU.
How could such a development in any way help promote the peace process?
Great politicians and diplomats have already tried to solve this problem, so far unsuccessfully.
Written statements (Rule 149)
First of all, I would like to thank Mr Dowgielewicz – I apologise if I pronounced your name incorrectly – for having explained to us very clearly – at least for those who are familiar with the issue – where we are at and what we are trying to do.
This is obvious.
Mr President, corruption is a problem about which we must speak out vociferously.
The only remedy to corrupt practices is transparent actions.
More specifically, we cannot talk about combating corruption unless we are capable of adopting at least basic standards for defining the crime of corruption, which there is no trace of in the package just launched.
What is needed is political will and zero tolerance.
There will also be a network of local research correspondents consisting of representatives of civil society and academia.
I am sure the Members of this House are familiar with the analysis conducted recently and published by the Swiss bank UBS.
However, we must remember that this process should not be used to create a two-speed Europe.
In America, President Obama is launching a USD 450 billion American jobs act and Europe remains silent on the jobs crisis.
(Applause)
Written statements (Rule 149)
What do we need?
Secondly, the fiscal policy of EU countries should be strengthened by issuing eurobonds and by introducing a financial transaction tax (including a more active role for the European Parliament and national parliaments in this process).
This must be accompanied at European level by the creation of effective instruments for monitoring and controlling public finances.
Anna Záborská (PPE), in writing.
Your speech and your analysis at the end of the turbulent events of recent months has not indicated to me that you are the right person, together with the Commission, to show us the way out of intergovernmentalism and out of the club of rich countries which is currently governing the eurozone and towards a greater sense of community.
Therefore, the inflation rate cannot be seen as the only parameter that needs to be taken into account when framing the budget.
Mr President, in 1940, at the start of the Nazi occupation, the Norwegian poet Nordahl Grieg wrote ‘We are so few in this country and every fallen is a brother or a friend’.
Mr President, when there is a massacre, at first most of us do not know what to say.
Certain politicians have been telling us for some time that multiculturalism has failed.
I voted for the resolution because I agree with the Commission’s proposal, as the application fulfils the eligibility criteria set out in the EGF Regulation.
This will enable us to take a step towards stabilising the labour market and reducing unemployment, thereby contributing to sustainable economic growth.
The European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) was established to provide additional support for workers made redundant as a result of major structural changes in world trade patterns due to globalisation and to assist them with their reintegration into the labour market.
This support is essential for helping the unemployed and victims of company relocations that occur within a globalised context.
The application, relating to case EGF/2010/027 NL/Noord-Brabant Division 18 from the Netherlands, was submitted to the Commission on 20 December 2010 and supplemented by additional information up to 7 March 2011.
The new legislation should be simple, user-friendly and easy to understand for all citizens.
Measures financed by the EGF should be aimed at creating long-term employment.
However, I would like to stress that the classification of documents as public, confidential or secret has a very substantial effect on the practical application of the right of access to these documents.
Maria Da Graça Carvalho (PPE), in writing.
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
It reiterates that the infringement procedure consists of two phases: the administrative (investigation) stage and the judicial stage before the Court of Justice.
The Commission has a fundamental role as ‘guardian of the Treaties’, and in this capacity it can and should bring infringement proceedings against Member States that have failed to fulfil their obligations under the Treaties.
At the same time, we need to adopt a proactive approach in terms of information availability and make every effort to provide the public with as many categories of documents as possible via every communication channel.
Such behaviour will clearly strengthen public confidence in the actions of the European Union and the proper management of funds.
I voted for this report, as it maintains that European institutions should contribute to making simple and clear laws that are accessible and easily understood, so that, firstly, laws may be more efficiently implemented, and, secondly, EU citizens are able to exercise their rights more easily.
In Denmark where I come from there is currently an election campaign going on, and the election is tomorrow.
My colleagues and I have dealt with distressing cases, such as cross-border divorces and compulsory purchases of the properties owned by thousands of people in Spain under the Spanish law on coastal areas.
The incorporation of the Charter into EU primary law under the principle of subsidiarity means that Member States are responsible for compliance with the principles of the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
To that end, we definitely need to establish a one-stop shop for petitions.
This is fine, but the Member States must now find the resources to meet this challenge.
It calls on Member States to put an end to this situation by 2015, and on the European Union to help them by developing an ambitious strategy and not simply monitoring Member States’ results.
Marielle De Sarnez (ALDE), in writing.
Monika Flašíková-Beňová (S&D), in writing.
I very much welcome this initiative and the attention which is now being paid to addressing non-CO2 emissions.
Ambitious and coordinated action at all levels is required in order to be able to combat climate change effectively.
Mr President, I wish to express my deep concern over the fighting in Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile State which broke out on 1 September between the Sudanese armed forces and forces of the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement.
Droughts are recurring phenomena, intensified by climate change.
The Commission should provide food aid, healthcare, clean water and sanitation supplies immediately.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
I believe that the available resources will primarily serve a threefold purpose.
Mr President, I am delighted to have this opportunity to address all of you before the final vote tomorrow morning on the Green Paper own-initiative report ‘Towards a Common Strategic Framework for EU Research and Innovation Funding’, now known as the Horizon 2020 Programme.
I would like to highlight some of your suggestions for Horizon 2020 that are particularly interesting to the Commission.
If we want to remain competitive in today's globalised world, we must not undervalue this area.
The Commission has created the necessary instruments to allow Member States and their customs authorities to do their job.
Only if it is adopted quickly will it be able to calm the recent instability in the financial markets and prevent another recession, something which is looking ever more likely.
Instead, we have a storm of uncoordinated and often contradictory statements, interviews and opinions.
Moreover, according to the conclusions of the World Commission on Dams, the financial return on large dam projects continues to be uncertain.
It is not sufficiently clear, for example, how the necessary coherence between all relevant policy areas is to be ensured, and how, in particular in international trade policy, the appropriate adjustments are to be made in connection with the reform of the common agricultural policy.
How are they to be fulfilled?
Jean-Claude Juncker, President of the Eurogroup.
this is something that is already happening, just not fast enough.
I am not scared, however, nor am I bothered by the prospect of euro area Heads of State or Government meeting from time to time to discuss, decide on and give impetus to the Eurogroup at finance minister level, as they bear full responsibility for the policies implemented.
Do you believe that a solution is possible?
Robert Goebbels (S&D).
Widespread use of short-time work schemes, that is all very well, but we introduced this the moment the crisis hit Europe.
In particular, would you not agree that Article 136 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union makes it possible to adopt legislative measures for the euro area within the scope of the economic policy competences given to the EU by the treaties?
I firmly believe that the continued central role of women in the Arab Spring is a key test of the strength and the extent of the changes.
The ideal next step would be for the Palestinians, via the Palestinian Authority Government, to do likewise in order to achieve their state.
Such transformations will have a fundamental impact on future generations, not only in the regions affected, but also in their surroundings.
I cannot be so pessimistic about the dynamics because I can see with my own eyes that more and more people from the eastern countries, from the eastern partners, see their future in a family with us.
Enlargement has been the most successful foreign policy tool of the EU and can serve as a strong incentive for internal reforms aiming to reach deep democracy in these countries.
Even though I am not sure that the architects of the Eastern partnership plan have a clear set of motives, I would like to believe that the planned summit will strengthen European unity, and will not lead to the creation of a new cordon sanitaire around Russia.
As Commissioner Füle said, negotiations on reunification have been ongoing – without success, so far – between top-level representatives of the Greek-Cypriots and Turkish-Cypriots for more than two years now.
Thus, in its effort to foment trouble, Turkey has given notice of its own exclusive economic zone, because it has not signed the Law of the Sea, which has been signed by the whole of the European Union, and it is claiming no more and no less than about half the Eastern Mediterranean.
The traditional balance in the region appears to have been overturned and the path which Mr Erdoğan has chosen, in basically ignoring Europe, is causing a great deal of concern right across the continent of Europe and in the United States.
Indeed, Turkey shares some of the responsibility for escalating tensions in the region.
The Treaty of Lisbon introduces provisions enabling us to strengthen our response to disasters, and to make it more comprehensive, coordinated and efficient.
Ioan Mircea Paşcu (S&D).
For reference: in previous years, it would be two, three, four or five times and this year, we already have activated it 11 times and the probability is that there may be more activations.
I have just come back from Washington where we in the Commission took the lead, together with the World Bank and the government of Japan, in making this question of preparedness and of prevention a high global priority, and we will continue with structured measures focusing on actions taken in prevention in order to boost this work.
Madam President, Commissioner, we, too, welcome your communication on improving civil protection in the European Union.
In this regard, I would like to see a balanced information campaign by the Commission highlighting the advantages and disadvantages of external trade, and I would be extremely grateful if we could uphold this demand contained in the report.
Kader Arif (S&D).
We have increased humanitarian assistance from EUR 76 million to 86 million because of these floods.
Thank you very much for your reply, which I appreciate.
For example, there is the Commission proposal that the Globalisation Adjustment Fund would also be eligible for farmers.
It is a very serious case and the Commission is definitely doing everything possible.
Indeed, it is stated explicitly in the agreement that the observance of human rights is one of the material elements of the agreement and that, if we –or you – determine that these human rights are being systematically violated, we will have the ability to immediately terminate the agreement without giving any further justification.
I am referring, in particular, to the parts of the recommendation that extend the agreements which formerly related only to the individual Member State, such as on safety and designations, to the whole of the EU.
The EU-US Memorandum of Cooperation concerns cooperation on civil aviation research and development between the two areas.
I would like to draw special attention to our desire, as clearly expressed in our resolution, to support innovation by creating a European Small and Medium-Sized Enterprise (SME) Investment Bank and financing arrangements for innovative projects – even though, in many cases, European funding is actually in place, but scientific projects are not completed.
The European Schools were created out of a concern to offer children who are not resident in their country of origin an education in their mother tongue.
Zigmantas Balčytis (S&D), in writing.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The levels of national cofinancing have been one of the main barriers to better absorption, so it is crucial to create conditions whereby the Member States are able to fully absorb Union funds and put them to good use.
Since the late 1990s, absorption of structural and cohesion funds has been recognised as a principal concern in relation to the implementation of the EU cohesion policy.
Franck Proust (PPE), in writing.
In the forthcoming discussions, it is important that Parliament takes up this matter.
Paulo Rangel (PPE), in writing.
Iva Zanicchi (PPE), in writing.
In order to do so, the Commission should prepare a comprehensive and innovative EU strategy on disaster risk reduction.
I welcome the adoption of the Gardini report, which calls for the creation of a European civil protection force.
Recorded disasters within Europe over the past 20 years have killed almost 90 000 people, affected more than 29 million and caused EUR 211 billion in economic losses.
I would therefore like to call for the better awareness and training of dealers in these goods not to be forgotten, for sufficient up-to-date and intelligible information to be available, based on high-quality legislation, and for there to be clear procedures for all of the stakeholders: control bodies, dealers and others.
I supported this own-initiative report because it is crucial for Europe, currently facing an economic crisis that will not be easy to solve, to find strength in areas precisely such as tourism in order to stimulate new growth.
After the new competences in the tourism sector were introduced by the Lisbon Treaty, a series of initiatives at a European and multinational level were proposed.
Mr President, I support a lot of what is in this report on global food security.
As such, I believe that improving the quality of life of the populations of less developed regions should involve setting out a comprehensive dam strategy, establishing fruitful political dialogue, and investment in warning systems capable of pre-detecting natural disasters such as floods, landslides or tsunamis.
That is why the European Union must continue down its chosen road by committing to support the construction of dams in these countries and to improve the protection of buildings from floods by developing floodplain storage and appropriate bypass systems.
Roberta Angelilli (PPE), in writing.
In view of the growing global population and increasing pressure on natural resources, it is essential to establish more sustainable, energy-saving and efficient forms of production globally.
As regards price volatility resulting from speculation on foodstuffs, despite some relevant observations, the report could and should have gone further, specifically by mentioning that the only way to prevent such speculation is to abolish the instruments that make it possible, such as over-the-counter derivatives.
If, on top of this, we add the combination of factors that incentivise agricultural production and ensure secure food supplies for these countries, the progress made will be truly significant.
Food insecurity is one such vitally important issue.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Firstly, the document specifies that the primary aim of the agreement between the EU and the Palestinian Authority is to support the development of the Palestinian economy.
I supported the Caspary report on a new trade policy for Europe.
Parliament calls on the Commission to promote it.
Vital Moreira (S&D), in writing.
the European Union’s strategy cannot simply ignore this.
Why?
Equally, Palestinian products must be recognised as such in order to facilitate Palestine’s economic development as, while there cannot be sustainable development without peace and security, there cannot be lasting peace without economic development and without the eradication of poverty.
The Palestinian Authority is the EU’s smallest trading partner: exports from the two territories to the EU totalled EUR 6.1 million in 2009.
I am voting for this recommendation, since agreements in the field of civil aviation that have been regulated by bilateral agreements have to be replaced with a general agreement between the European Union – which includes all the Member States – and third countries, so as to prevent discrimination as regards free competition.
How else can you explain the persistent flow of immigrants towards Lampedusa and Europe, Ms Malmström?
As citizens, we all gain through Europe.
This package of measures and, perhaps, an agreement;
Pay heed to the urgency, President Barroso.
You spoke of a Europe of citizens.
The average of the bonds in the eurozone – NT bonds – is more than 200 basic points, with, naturally, Greece at 2 149 basic points of difference – a 21%-higher interest rate.
In Italy there is a difference of 400 basic points.
Mr Barroso, should we not promote this sector now more than ever?
Let us be completely clear.
At the moment, the European Union has 23 million citizens who are unemployed and 80 million citizens exposed to the risk of poverty.
Ask ourselves and say where do most financial transactions in the EU take place?
Article XXIV:4 of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade stresses that ‘the purpose of a customs union or of a free-trade area should be to facilitate trade between the constituent territories and not to raise barriers to the trade of other contracting parties with such territories’.
I therefore voted in favour, so that this situation with Argentina can be regularised.
Six Member States, three of which are in the euro area, are having budgetary problems and risk defaulting on their debt.
According to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, ‘the purpose of a customs union or of a free-trade area should be to facilitate trade between the constituent territories and not to raise barriers to the trade of other contracting parties with such territories’.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
Mr President, thank you for giving me the floor.
The Commission has rightly chosen the enlargement of the tariff rate quota for New Zealand for the products involved, since it is the most targeted way of compensating those countries which need compensation.
I voted in favour because I agree with the aim of this agreement.
I welcome the agreement with New Zealand and am of the opinion that the European Parliament should approve it.
That has been the story of the euro all along, and people are entitled to make their own mistakes.
We are, as Winston Churchill said, ‘interested and associated but not absorbed’.
What is more, I do not believe that the markets will be impressed by the economic ‘six pack’.
I obviously voted emphatically against this report.
In my opinion, a key question is that of giving the EU an instrument which allows it to react to the excessive debt of a Member State.
The Commission should have a more forceful coordination role in the enhanced surveillance procedure, in particular as regards Member State-specific assessments, monitoring, in situ missions, recommendations and warnings.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
The ECR cooperated fully to make the new system as effective, accountable and transparent as possible and, even though this report does not concern the non-eurozone members, we were very happy to contribute.
We would also remind the Council of the need to start the trialogue with Parliament on the regulation on origin marking.
The Commission’s proposals to improve economic governance are of great importance to the future of the EU and economic growth, particularly in the euro area.
Moreover, it is impossible to dispense with a secure basis for decision making, based on reliable data on the situation of the EU economy.
The European Parliament has supplemented the proposal on enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances with requirements for all Member States to integrate the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact in their budgetary procedures, to give a greater and more independent surveillance role to the Commission, as well as a stronger surveillance role for Parliament.
It is crucial that we do this, otherwise we are just seen as irrelevant and we are just not dealing with the reality of the situation.
Mário David (PPE), in writing.
Particularly important in this report is the proposal for reducing sovereign debt on the basis of a three-year average, as opposed to a fixed annual rate for the same period, which was previously advocated by the Commission.
It tightens the stranglehold on the Member States even more, in particular on the countries with the weakest economies, and on their people.
Ilda Figueiredo (GUE/NGL), in writing.
He also proposed, as did Commissioner Rehn, solidarity bonds or eurobonds.
This resolution highlights the fact that discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity is still a reality both within and outwith the EU.
A substantial proportion of the sum now being mobilised − EUR 30 million in commitments − is for the ‘operational expenditure’ of the European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union (Frontex), which is the body responsible for implementing the European Union’s repressive, security-based policy against immigration.
I cannot vote for it, since I reject the first part.
These would be cofinanced with social funding from Brussels, in order to guarantee the provision of food aid in all Member States.
Intervention purchases as a tool for regulating the market have been completely withdrawn in the case of certain products or have been significantly reduced.
The Commissioner is right to shame those Council members who are incapable of showing solidarity at this time.
We must not allow the short-sightedness of a few to put paid to an instrument that is needed now more than ever, and let us not forget that sometimes the greatest benefits come from people’s conscience, not their wallet.
The most important thing is for the Commission to find a proper basis for the existing food programme and any new one.
What are we to say to the people who ask us why the Union is making cuts in spending on the free distribution of food in this situation?
As regards the effectiveness of these funds – an issue raised by Mr Nicholson – and waste, we will have a chance to see how, as of 2014, we will be able to improve the functioning of this programme.
Forty-three million Europeans cannot afford to eat meat or fish once in two days.
In 2009, 440 000 tonnes of food were distributed to about 18 million people.
This leads to social and environmental instability.
We are looking forward to continued cooperation on the very long way to achieve what we want in Rio.
Rio must be the next step, our latest response to threats which are becoming a reality.
Pavel Poc (S&D), in writing.
It keeps a certain distance from the Commission’s communication, clarifying the concept of a green economy and acknowledging that this will not automatically make the poor prosperous or realise the Millennium Development Goals.
Eija-Riitta Korhola (PPE), in writing.
This is happening because demand for energy is increasing quickly, and discoveries of more gas, oil or coal deposits cannot keep up with this demand.
I support the proposals being made by the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance calling for the development of green energy.
I hope that this Rio Summit in June 2012 will result in strong decisions, unlike the Copenhagen Climate Change Summit, the results of which were no match for the challenges faced.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
Mr President, we voted against the report on the future of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund.
For the subsequent period, the European Parliament is calling for changes to its content in order to learn the necessary lessons from practice to date and to adapt the legal regulation appropriately.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
After the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the EU and Morocco expired in February 2011, a new protocol was signed on 13 July 2011.
Sebastian Valentin Bodu (PPE), in writing.
Extending the life of the fund would certainly help at a time when there are signs of the economic crisis returning.
Maria do Céu Patrão Neves (PPE), in writing.
Europe must step up its efforts and do everything it can to ensure that a peaceful, just and lasting resolution to this conflict is finally achieved.
After all, a procedure that takes up to 18 months is a particularly long time for a campaign that is all about fire-fighting – far too long.
Finally, I should like to add one thing.
If we really want to carry on tackling problems of this type through European resources, which I am personally not in favour of, we should make use of the European Social Fund.
If, tomorrow, the Council were to decide against extending this fund, and against allowing it to be mobilised in connection with the crisis, then it would bear a heavy responsibility, because it would be sending the message that, just when the crisis is having an even greater impact than before, Europe is cutting the means of support that it provides to its workers.
Failing this principle, only a partial solution is provided to the problem, which will pose a threat to the industry’s competitiveness and, therefore, to several thousand jobs in the European Union, and will mean failure in terms of the global reduction in carbon emissions.
This interferes with competition in the EU market.
I think that the production of steel and aluminium in electric furnaces must be quickly included among the industrial sectors eligible for financial compensatory measures, with the aim of safeguarding the European Union’s industrial competitiveness.
Now it must be decided whether the exploration mechanism will use real passenger images or stick images, which are the most appropriate option in order to protect the intimacy, privacy, health and dignity of passengers.
No passenger will be forced to use the scanner, as Parliament requested.
You have taken them almost entirely on board.
The second point concerns Eurobonds.
Therefore, my sincere request is for the Commission to press forward with these matters.
Therefore, please table the proposals and then we will adopt them.
They must be implemented immediately.
This should be through an effective second adjustment programme, based on adequate financing through public and private sector involvement, backed up with robust implementation and monitoring mechanisms.
Repeated debates have insisted on the fact that this crisis is made up of many crises.
I expect the President of the Commission to be just as courageous and convincing at the European summit as he was here with us, and I ask the Heads of State or Government that, instead of continually proclaiming that we are all interdependent, they also act consistently in that spirit.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
Stanimir Ilchev (ALDE).
The obvious logic in this sequence of events has currently produced no result.
We should properly ensure that all conditions are met with every new step that is made towards enlarging the Schengen area.
Ioan Enciu (S&D).
Piotr Stachańczyk, President-in-Office of the Council.
Bogusław Sonik (PPE).
I am firmly convinced that the people of Ukraine have really fought for and deserve this association agreement through their commitment to democratic development.
The then Conservative Government lost a lot of political credibility when it tried to increase VAT to 15%.
Madam President, the report that we are debating here today takes the right approach, presenting a modern vision of value-added tax (VAT) and taxation, and includes a series of proposals that should act as an incentive for the initiative that the Commission could and should present to Parliament.
If we also consider that VAT carousel fraud, and VAT fraud in general, accounts for between EUR 80 and 100 billion, I think that we must then have sufficient incentive to take action.
I therefore welcome the proposals set out in this report inviting the Commission to simplify, adapt and improve harmonisation of VAT systems in Europe, thereby allowing a return to growth.
We have a job tax – called national insurance in my country – which is absolutely huge, so the employee does not actually get half the money that is being paid by the employer.
All this is happening at the same time as they are preparing to give billions of euro to the banks, transferring their debts to the public sector.
In the case of intra-Community transactions, the Commission has declared its willingness to definitively abandon the objective of taxation in the country of origin in favour of destination-based taxation.
E-invoicing helps reduce payment delays, the risk of errors and fraud, as well as administrative costs.
Maria do Céu Patrão Neves (PPE), in writing.
Jiří Havel (S&D), in writing.
Essentially, the EBRD supports the development of the local sector: small and medium-sized enterprises, individuals, towns, regional cooperation, innovation, job creation, energy, environmental projects, and so on.
Moreover, in this case, we are talking about its external aspect.
However, we do not agree with all the rapporteur’s positions.
I believe that it is appropriate to reduce the maximum time allowed for processing export authorisation requests in order to speed up administrative and bureaucratic procedures and enable exporters to plan their activities more effectively.
Economic development is to foster political stability in the entire region.
In order to be able to take account of this aim in future, too, it is important for the regulation to be updated and adapted to the circumstances.
The EU is therefore currently the Balkan countries’ largest trading partner.
The basis of this pact would be to develop a series of policies diametrically opposed to so-called ‘austerity’, of which the programmes of aggression against the workers and peoples of Greece, Portugal and Ireland currently being imposed by the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank and the European Commission are extreme examples.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
The European Parliament has demonstrated its support for a common EU-level approach on more than one occasion.
ensuring that there is sufficient cover for consumers in cases of fraud;
Margrete Auken (Verts/ALE), in writing.
I voted in favour of this report.
Madam President, I supported the resolution calling for a comprehensive plan to save the eurozone because I do think that we have to give a clear message to the Council to take fast, tough and decisive measures in relation to sovereign debt.
I think we need to be aware that we should not allow the most vulnerable to suffer due to economic crisis, and in times of austerity, we need to make sure that they are the ones that we look after best.
Another key point is access to public procurement markets, under favourable conditions, by operators in the social economy and small and medium-sized enterprises.
I therefore call on you to vote in favour of maintaining paragraph 22, so that employees’ rights are respected and job-creating small businesses are protected in every Member State.
I am pleased that the report incorporates some of these demands, particularly the anchoring of social and ecological standards and the removal of the criterion of the cheapest offer.
Reinhard Bütikofer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
However, we must provide support by implementing policies to ensure an economic atmosphere conducive to investment and economic growth.
They will be a discovery for everyone.
I think that businesses, more than when we had the opportunity to debate the amendments to the directive, need to receive the payments due to them on time.
I have listened to them very carefully and will, of course, communicate them to my colleague, Mr Tajani.
There will be two new frameworks, Mr Bütikofer: one on competitiveness and SMEs, and another to help SMEs to access research funding.
All in all, we have already presented more than 200 proposals to simplify the existing legislation and reduce administrative burdens by more than 31%.
We have no business drafting theoretical or ideological legislation.
For the working people, they mark a harsh new attack on their lives.
By this I am referring to pensioners, teachers and doctors, and those on very low incomes in general.
secondly, on its results and further initiatives which need to be undertaken in order to strengthen the Single Market for services;
We need to ensure that we have responsible monetary policies at global level, and we need to achieve currency policies that are convertible and open up more trade possibilities between the countries with surpluses and those with deficits.
The EU must find an integrated solution for resolving the debt crisis in the euro area.
I would like to stress that in the labour market, we must not discriminate against pregnant women or women who have just given birth purely because of their biological role, the fact that they are becoming mothers.
I reminded the European Council that we are also the Parliament of the eurozone.
As a very minimum, the Commission expects ArcelorMittal and Nokia to observe strictly the EU directives on information and consultation, collective redundancies and European Works Councils.
The Commission wants to encourage permanent business adaptation to swiftly changing economic circumstances while maintaining a high degree of employment and social protection.
Martin Callanan (ECR).
What is the thanks for this generosity on the part of the Belgian State, paid for by Belgian workers and by the impact on public services and so on?
All of this undermines their competitiveness in relation to their third-country competitors.
The national social partners and the national governments will be the ones responsible for managing the social and economic situations on the ground.
A voluntary approach and calls for compliance are completely useless.
Since then, it is clear that little real progress has been made regarding these various proposals.
Madam President, I can understand that there is a heated discussion here and that there are a lot of concerns among Members of this Parliament.
trains;
Yes, this is the result of your policies, and your institutions are bowing and scraping to Mittal to the bitter end, because even now that it is talking of job losses, you are still proposing to grant it State aid.
This is precisely why I think that significant increases need to be made in investments in education, research and innovation, taking into account the possibility of allocating investments from the structural funds to this area, so as to be able to create the conditions for smart, sustainable economic growth.
I should like to inform you that, for the last two years, I have had to go back to school in order to learn about labour legislation.
The Social Fund will contribute to three of the five EU headline targets: employment, education and reducing poverty and social exclusion.
According to OECD research, investment in education and training has a very high yield, because highly trained people pay more taxes, public revenues exceed expenditures, and the rate of employment is also higher among people with higher qualifications.
Although that figure varies from one Member State to the next, we are talking about huge sums of money.
The better-performing countries should not be overlooked;
I think that at present, the European decision-making system and our values are both in crisis.
However, it is important that we make a clear commitment at a high level to maternity and paternity leave.
I can assure you that no one in this Chamber shares her view.
The Women’s Rights Committee is now trying to push its overreaching, expensive and unnecessary proposal onto the Council.
Is the Council prepared to compromise on main issues like the duration of maternity leave and the level of payment?
Raising this issue now will only deter corporations from establishing headquarters in the EU, and they will instead look to Asia or South America.
So, unlike my colleagues, I am arguing in favour of a dispassionate analysis of the facts.
However, if you are concerned, we should renegotiate this.
it was just a statement.
It is precisely for that reason that we are so satisfied with the launch of the European Semester and the integration of the Semester into the ‘six-pack’.
In fact, the only drawback with it is that we will be leaving the European Parliament at the mercy of the Internet.
The debate is closed.
National reform programmes which specify how a particular country would like to spend at least the majority of funding received from the EU are linked into the whole process.
Madam President, I should like to echo what Mr Gauzès said.
John Dalli, Member of the Commission.
I was quite disappointed with the figures showing that the spending fund is not 100% accessible.
I am ready to continue discussions with you on this issue and to put further questions to the Greek authorities, albeit they have many other concerns at the moment, concerns that we share.
Madam President, I do not wish to catch the Commissioner by surprise, but this new procedure probably has that element too.
I would therefore like to know why private security services were excluded, but businesses which carry out this kind of security service are not excluded.
With regard to revenue from fees, the report notes that the agency has invested in software in order to clear the backlog with the recovery orders.
Paulo Rangel (PPE), in writing.
Last week, you and I hosted the signing of the Microsoft and Workability International Education Alliance.
As European Parliament Mediator for International Parental Child Abduction, I can testify that when the parents are willing to find a solution, this guarantees a swift resolution that respects all the parties.
However, in contrast to the approach taken in the Commission’s consultation, our contention is that the scope of alternative dispute resolution should not be confined to commercial matters.
Parliament is the only directly elected institution of the EU, and it grants discharge for fulfilment of the EU’s general budget.
Sometimes, it is better to let well alone.
As such, I agree that ‘A global financial and economic crisis cannot serve as a reason to water down environmental standards.
As the rapporteur says, the engines in question are only produced by a small number of large companies.
The implementation of these measures will mitigate the consequences of the current economic crisis as far as possible for engine and vehicle manufacturers and will maintain competitiveness and employment in this sector.
People with disabilities must have the right to community-based services conducive to independent living, to personal assistance, to economic and social independence, and to full participation in society and the labour market.
The European Parliament voted this week in favour of a wider inclusion of people with disabilities in the labour market and for further provisions in fighting against discrimination.
In light of this, the EU should encourage Member States towards harmonising their policies and strategies for people with disabilities.
Inclusion, in both society and the labour market, offers new opportunities for the future of employability in Europe.
I voted for this report because I believe disability should be approached differently.
In this regard, it is necessary, on the one hand, to remove the barriers that cause the exclusion of people with disabilities, and, on the other, to adopt measures that will help them enter the job market.
We also call on the Commission to propose a major EU directive on accessibility for people with disabilities.
In Europe, there is clearly still a need to put in place measures tailored to people with disabilities, also in terms of the various degrees and types of disability.
Assuming that online public procurement will also increase, I have voted to adopt the report.
This is a very important issue.
It also needs coordination at European, state, regional and local levels.
In Lithuania, small enterprises receive a smaller proportion of public procurement contracts than they should if we take into account the share of the economy they represent.
I voted for the text presented by Ms Rühle on the modernisation of public procurement, also in view of the upcoming debate on the proposal to review the so-called procurement directives.
I congratulate Mr Ungureanu on his report.
Vito Bonsignore (PPE), in writing.
Consequently, there is a need for greater cooperation so as to eliminate the barriers preventing workers from moving freely in search of a job.
in fact, it could exacerbate them.
in other words, it has made the common market work better.
On these issues, the report has nothing to say.
In particular, this report advocates the setting up of fully operational Points of Single Contact under the Services Directive.
I voted for this report on the Services Directive’s mutual evaluation process as I believe that implementation of this directive is very important.
The main goal was to assess the state of the internal market for services following implementation of the directive, and the evaluation focused chiefly on legal requirements for the establishment of businesses and the cross-border provision of services.
The report unfortunately approves the mutual evaluation process of the Services Directive and calls for the abolition of remaining regulatory barriers.
The ink is barely dry on new European legislation strengthening the foundations of the European superstate and here we are creating a global financial government under the aegis of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
The report on the situation of single mothers states that education and information about the sexual and reproductive rights of women, in particular young women, are essential for avoiding unwanted pregnancies.
I wholeheartedly agree with the reasons set out by the rapporteur regarding the amendments to the Council’s position, both with reference to the European Data Protection Supervisor and with reference to the European External Action Service.
Health care benefits should be afforded to single mothers along with their dependent children in order to counteract the lack of two parent providers.
As politicians, we owe it to ourselves to adapt to changing societies and to take into account the new needs and issues that are appearing.
These women, who are often in a fragile situation, must receive special attention from our governments, as they are faced with the same challenges as those of a two-parent family unit, like education, training, employment and so on.
Rolandas Paksas (EFD), in writing.
It is obviously extremely important to combat organised crime.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
At a time when the EU budget is overstretched and far-reaching austerity measures have been introduced in the Member States, it was important for us to oppose this proposal.
In my opinion, the correct approach has been taken with the introduction of procedural changes, such as the exclusion for tender with regard to the selection of educational experts, as they contribute to the improved execution of the agency’s tasks as well as the rationalisation of expenditure.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
Following the delay in discharge of the accounts of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in April, Parliament is now discharging them, in recognition of the measures taken to correct the deficiencies of 2009, and in accordance with the letter from the Chair of the EMA’s Management Board of 17 June 2011.
However, I would like to point out that the agency failed to provide Parliament with the action plan on public procurement, its timetable for implementation and the updated documents on the management and prevention of conflicts of interests, as requested in May 2011 when the discharge was postponed.
satisfactory reception conditions as well as access to health care, in particular in the area of mental health, to help refugees get back on their feet;
Mr President, we are all firmly of the belief that resistance to antibiotics is a life-threatening risk: pneumonias that can no longer be treated, hospitals struggling with MRSA cases, outbreaks of the EHEC virus.
Sometimes it is used to mask poor animal welfare and hygiene, which is clearly unacceptable.
I hope that will lead to a creative debate and a concrete plan of action that will see us fight and reduce antimicrobial resistance.
The very strict registration requirements, the huge costs of conducting clinical studies and what the pharmaceutical industry considers to be insufficient profits have caused pharmaceutical firms to abandon work on new drugs over the last 20 years, and this has been extremely negligent.
As regards the development of new effective antimicrobials, the Commission is committed to exploring with all relevant stakeholders how to ensure the availability of new, effective antimicrobials and treatments against infectious diseases, along with the promotion of the prudent use of such antimicrobials.
Mr President, in 1945, Alexander Fleming already feared the excessive use of antibiotics and said the following: ‘Instead of fighting infection, the risk would be that germs learn to resist penicillin and that those same germs would then be transmitted from one individual to another and lead to an infection that penicillin could not cure.’
Theodoros Skylakakis, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
I am pleased with the motion for a resolution, which concerns a serious problem affecting human health.
Half of the population already wrongly knocks back antibiotics for a touch of flu or a cold.
We, too, welcome the measures to deal with the exclusion of convicted offenders from employment involving direct and regular contact with children.
Thirdly, it introduces new provisions into European legislation to prevent access to certain websites, thereby creating a precedent which may prove to be inadequate in terms of future judgments in this sector.
This development makes finding those who promote child pornography a very difficult exercise;
We have provided for the seizure and confiscation of assets and proceeds connected to the crimes set out in this directive.
It stresses the need for more prevention and introduces harsher penalties.
Admittedly, they are indirect victims, but they can be deeply affected by the sexual violence that their child has suffered.
Perhaps I have overlooked this aspect in the documents of the Commission.
We must therefore look for a solution that will limit the dissemination of child pornography and the abuse of children as much as possible.
Internet blocks are ineffective, imprecise, easy to circumvent and do not help to combat sexual abuse.
President.
The Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe and our rapporteur Nadja Hirsch (who is unfortunately not well today) welcome the fact that a compromise has been reached between the institutions concerning the correlation tables.
We know that it is difficult to strike a balance between security and data protection.
After three years the data elements which could serve to identify the passenger to whom PNR data relate will be masked out.
Madam President, first of all I would like to address a few words to my friends in the Green Group and the GUE/NGL Group, though unfortunately Jan Albrecht has left.
Having read it, I must say that the agreement with Australia for the forwarding of European PNR data is not compatible with European law or with the constitutions of the Member States.
However, they are not the only ones watching us: this year the markets are also particularly attentive to our decisions and our ability to take the necessary decisions – in the right ways and in the right timeframes – in order to get back on track.
It is a blatant disregard of the hardship suffered by the taxpayer when the countries in crisis need to cut back on spending and the donor countries are being asked to dole out ever-growing transfers.
Where can we make savings?
That is exactly what we must avoid in proper budgetary policy.
Mr President, as we ask citizens to tighten their belts, they ask us what we are doing.
First of all, Afghanistan: this is a painful cut, but at the same time we must be aware that, despite the good results of our mission, the EU is a bit-part player on this issue, subordinate to the strategies of others which, moreover, are not seeing great success.
The common agricultural policy should also be reviewed so that in future all Member States are funded more fairly, so we can guarantee the creation of additional jobs.
Mr President, the European Parliament’s Committee on Development has reiterated its priorities in its opinion on the 2012 budget.
It ruled that human life starts at conception and that the human embryo is worthy of legal protection.
First of all, I would like to express my gratitude to the rapporteurs, Ingeborg Gräßle and Mr Rivellini, for their report on this very complex and technically very difficult dossier.
Some call that tax optimisation.
However, this posture of inertia has led to veritable ‘lex shopping’ – since the Court of Justice clearly considers this acceptable when companies are being set up – which creates additional problems for the Member States.
Derek Vaughan (S&D), in writing.
One indication of this is the number of unemployed academics, who have been displaced by the cheap competition pushing its way in from abroad.
Until such a time as new rules are adopted, we four MEPs will travel in accordance with the rules currently in force.
Sophie Auconie (PPE), in writing.
Unfortunately, the European Parliament is not showing any sign of that.
What do they want it for?
For years I have been calling for a fee-based system without social security.
Despite not being one of the 27 Member States of the European Union, Norway is a country that maintains close ties with the EU, not least by participating in various cooperation projects.
that was not the case.
Mr President, in these cases of self-immolation, a love of freedom has taken shape, for which there is no higher price: human life, which is unique.
Without international assistance, the voice of the Tibetans is easy to silence.
The High Representative and the EEAS have been tasked with raising the human rights issue at the next EU-China Summit and constantly monitor the human rights situation in China.
She was given 30 seconds to reply to a question just now.
It is difficult not to notice how timid the resolution we are debating today is on this subject, with not the slightest condemnation of this military presence.
The baffling arrest of 66-year-old Ms Nached, who is recovering from cancer and has a heart condition, clearly shows that the suspicious and paranoid security forces fear for their very existence.
Under the Lisbon Treaty, promoting the activities of human right activists and ensuring their protection and security must be seen as a priority in relations between the European Union and third countries and taken into account when formulating the Union’s foreign policy.
Article 24 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union provides for the right to submit a complaint to the European Ombudsman.
I am pleased to note also that, in 2010, 55% of all investigations were either settled by the institution or resulted in a friendly solution.
Silvia-Adriana Ţicău (S&D) .
When the Ombudsman presents its annual report to the Committee on Petitions, representatives of the Commission, the administration, the European Parliament, the Council and other institutions should also be invited to take part in the discussion.
I would not dare to say anything different.
So this is not a lack of transparency;
I look forward to working with it and working with the other institutions, including the Commission.
Am I permitted to be here?
Perhaps the Soviet Union.
We have laid the foundations for this with the six pack, but we must go further with the newly announced legislative proposals to intensify budgetary discipline in the eurozone and also with socio-economic cooperation.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
This is an important decision and our most important prize.
I note with regret that this is not the only debate of this session addressing the lack of cooperation and action on the part of the Council.
I wish to draw the Council’s attention to the fact that its failure to apply the emergency mechanism provided for in the codecision procedure, as proposed by Parliament, has already had a major negative impact, given that the EU is facing, particularly this year, wave after wave of refugees following the regime changes in Arab countries.
I voted for this resolution, as it argues that all legal proceedings against senior officials of the current or previous Ukrainian Government must be carried out in accordance with European rules on equity, impartiality, transparency and independence.
The majority of Member States already make little difference between the two groups.
The rapporteur has successfully realised many of the adaptations planned and I would like to congratulate her on this.
I am happy that the UK has opted-out of the revised Directive and therefore I abstained.
However, of course, it is unable to accede in any form at present.
This agreement should replace the 2008 provisional one, which was only applied in 17 Member States, and which established a European legal framework on the conditions for the transfer of data contained in the Passenger Name Record (PNR) by airlines to the Australian customs services.
Ilda Figueiredo (GUE/NGL), in writing.
I am voting for this motion for a resolution, as I believe that the law should be unequivocally reaffirmed in all Member States of the EU, and that, despite the apparent stability of Ukraine in the face of court cases involving senior state officials and even the Prime Minister, a clear signal needs to be given that the country’s legal system is effective and transparent.
We believe it is important to inform the public and raise awareness of the effects of antibiotics and their use, as mentioned in the resolution.
As these points have been vetted by Parliament, I voted for this report.
The abuse and exploitation of children is a very delicate matter that requires the utmost institutional and legislative rigour.
We know that there is a problem of free competition on the railway market, particularly with regard to freight transport.
Secondly, a number of the provisions currently used in the directive require immediate updating.
Evelyn Regner (S&D).
In any case, I would like to say to Ms Vergnaud, who said that mobility is not anecdotal, and to Mr Harbour, that, indeed, it is not anecdotal.
People who met the requirements were not able to vote because they were excluded without any reason from the electoral rolls.
Mr President, elections were held in Bulgaria to choose the country’s president and local government bodies.
We now plan to organise a hearing at the beginning of 2012, possibly with the help of the IMCO Committee.
Therefore, any action plan must factor in extra precautions geared towards meeting the challenges and countering the elements of risk posed by the online environment in terms of the safeguard of minors, player protection, payment security and data protection of individuals engaged in Internet gambling, as well as ensuring that fair competition for operators duly licensed in other Member States is guaranteed in each Member State.
In addition, the European Union will also have to play a significant role in future.
Thirdly, the basis for granting an exclusive right to provide gambling games is the prevention of social harm and combating crime in the gambling sector.
Given the great importance of environmental protection and food safety, which is what is at stake here, it is inappropriate of this House to laugh off the possible consequences.
Last, the extent to which genetically modified, or genetically engineered, crops are harmful or not is also the subject of major controversy.
In particular, higher-volume state or communal procurements for public service companies are frequently the source of a high level of corruption.
I expected you would say something more, and not speak as if you were only a bookkeeper.
Last week, we reshaped the Commission’s rules to give a special role to the new task of Vice-President for Economic and Monetary Affairs.
In addition, the proposed Treaty change will have to be subject to democratic approval in Europe and in the individual Member States.
it needs him to go forth and deliver that, yet there is no mention of it.
the planet and Europe are not that big that we do not know that the president of LAOS, Mr Karatzaferis, who also served as an MEP, has nothing but praise for the military junta which ruled Greece between 1967 and 1974, one of the darkest periods in our country’s history.
It concerns the need to adopt measures for combating worsening poverty and social exclusion.
I hope that the necessary courage is available too.
Otherwise, no changes and no results will be possible.
We should ensure emissions peak by then or earlier, not start deciding what to do after that.
Briefly, could you give a commitment, Commissioner, that you are not going to support a political agreement, but you will stick to a legally binding agreement for Kyoto?
This will allow evaluation of the situation 20 years after the Protocol was negotiated.
I am deeply disappointed that over the last two years, EU climate policy has been more like a dialogue among deaf people than cooperation between parties understanding and capable of accepting each other’s interests.
I hope that it will make out a case to ensure that none of that hot air is brought to the next Kyoto period.
I therefore believe that we need to make progress so that we in Parliament know what is the general opinion on the accounts and underlying transactions.
Of course, this would not apply to Wales, which has an excellent record on spending its EU funds.
A small number of Member States – often the same ones – account for the lion’s share of the problems year after year, which is unacceptable.
The results of that work underlie our conclusions on agriculture.
Well, Ms Sinclaire, I do not consider this to be a point of order.
At the same time, Official Development Aid increases alone will not be sufficient to meet all the financing needs of the developing world, to address the numerous global challenges.
We are very much looking at the result of this peer review.
President.
I am sorry that the Council’s representatives were absent from the Kinshasa meeting in 2010, but I hope that the European External Action Service will successfully strengthen its cooperation with this influential and extremely useful parliamentary body in the coming period, as highlighted by the election monitoring missions and the negotiations on concluding the Economic Partnership Agreements.
Anna Záborská, on behalf of the PPE Group.
They draw up reports, background documents, assessments and recommendations.
Let us start with the negative way, because I always like to end on a high.
Madam President, Commissioner Vassiliou, in acknowledgement of the efforts and cooperation of the European Parliament, the Commission and the Council, as well as the successive Spanish, Belgian and Hungarian Presidencies, I would like to thank you for, and welcome, the EU-wide creation of the European Heritage Label.
Katarína Neveďalová, on behalf of the S&D Group.
There is no need to recount that this label comes at a price, as with anything of importance.
and these numbers must be greater today with the crises that we are currently going through.
The only way to obtain funds for the payment of social benefits, unemployment benefits, assistance with food or social housing is therefore to attempt another form of redistribution within the current possibilities afforded by local, regional and state budgets.
This is why it is very important that there is better coherence between all these policies, which is what we would like to achieve in the next European Semester.
From this point of view, up to the end of 2013, everything is clear.
To be honest, I am not aware of any regions which are already using 100% renewable energy.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Accordingly, EU-based air carriers will be able to operate services between any location in the EU and Jordan, something that was, until now, conditional upon, among other things, the existence of a bilateral agreement between the Member State concerned and Jordan.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
In previous years, when I requested to make an explanation of vote, it was deemed that it could only be called provided the Member had made the request before that report itself came up on the screen, not the initiation of the explanation of votes session.
The Autonomous Community of the Canary Islands, through the government of the Kingdom of Spain, has requested the extension of the current temporary suspension of autonomous Common Customs Tariff duties on imports of a certain number of industrial products into the Canary Islands as a means of keeping the population employed and ensuring the competitiveness of local businesses.
By temporarily suspending autonomous Common Customs Tariff duties on imports to the Canary Islands, the European Union and the islands are hoping to increase the competitiveness of the local economic operators and to stabilise the employment situation.
Every country needs to train specialist experts and researchers in this field and have a body of research, monitoring and control infrastructure, whether or not nuclear is one of its energy choices.
The basic aim is to ensure the continuation of research funded from EU sources in these fields for another two years in accordance with the activities successfully carried out in the 2007-2011 period.
I totally support the report because in it, Parliament calls on the Commission to introduce a ranking of creditors that should give precedence to employees and set minimum standards of protection irrespective of different legal definitions for the categories concerned and substantive national laws.
Silvia-Adriana Ţicău (S&D), in writing.
By going beyond the Commission proposal, Parliament has succeeded, through lengthy negotiations with the Member States, in banning naked credit default swaps on sovereign debt.
I understand the purpose behind what is stated there, but I think it is rather poorly worded.
These relate to using the statistical data on permanent crops as a reliable basis for taking judicious decisions in relation to production and the European market.
Cross-border mobility will contribute to the smoother running of the labour markets, and will encourage economic growth and competitiveness itself in the EU.
Philippe Juvin (PPE), in writing.
This integrated single market can only function effectively if European workers are able to choose which Member State they wish to work in.
Of the 800 regulated qualifications, 43% are in health care systems, while 9% are in the social sector, including education.
This initiative is key to solving a number of problems: ensuring consumer safety, promoting a low carbon economy, preventing food wastage, encouraging recycling, reducing inequalities between consumers, guaranteeing protection as regards financial services and food, and providing more information.
I would also draw attention to the European digital single market where, especially in cross-border transactions, we can still witness significant difficulties and gaps in both e-commerce and also in consumer protection.
Without bees, many crops would fail and in Northern Ireland, we are particularly privileged to have a very good product in the Armagh Bramley apple.
I welcome the Commission’s initiative to launch a programme for protecting consumers.
Furthermore, the European Food Safety Authority is coming under repeated criticism and the wide-ranging authorisations of genetically modified organisms without mandatory labelling run contrary to a whole-hearted commitment to consumer protection on the part of the EU.
It will put huge pressure on finances in terms of health care and infrastructure, etc.
This report follows on from a Green Paper by the European Commission, published in March, and which sought to address an increase in fraud in what is a booming market.
What I would add to that is that gambling is also a source of personal suffering: gambling leads to addiction and debt.
The fact that the EU could previously help to feed the poor by using the intervention stocks was great;
However, I have also been active in highlighting the plight of Europe’s honeybees and the harmful effects posed to them by neonicotinoids, and there has been strong support for this issue among my constituents in the South-East of England.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
I voted against this report because I think that the rapporteur’s approach to State aid for services of general economic interest (SGEI) is inappropriate and contrary to the objective of a competitive internal market.
I voted for the reform of the EU State aid rules on services of general economic interest because they are crucial to the general public and are of paramount importance to the wellbeing of society as a whole.
In the EU, it is up to national, regional and local authorities to determine the services to be offered in the public interest, regarded as particularly important to all citizens, but which would not be provided, or would not be provided adequately, without state intervention.
- according to the Lisbon Treaty, the EU has no competence in the fields of culture and education (referring to paragraph 31);
Mikael Gustafsson (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The burden is often completely out of proportion with the impact of the measure.
There is, of course no mention of this in this report.
I think these are fair ideas and I wished to support them in this vote.
Since, at the moment, the measures taken by the Romanian Government are simply destroying the foundations of the European social model, excluding the fact that it is actually social welfare which has reduced poverty by 38% in the European Union, I think that this platform is needed to help countries like Romania combat poverty and social exclusion.
The whole affair is, unfortunately, continuing along the same path, just like the US public debt situation.
If we cannot find a policy, then there will be the problem also of the failure of the NPT.
Before this Summit, I would like to encourage the High Representative to work more intensively on strengthening the EU-US partnership in foreign policy, especially in the development of democratisation.
Today, as reflected in the resolution, the best guarantee of security is the development of stable, democratic countries and, in this context, cooperation between the United States, the Member States of the European Union and the institutions of the European Union must be ensured.
Iran continues to claim that it wants to develop a nuclear programme for civilian purposes.
President.
The Commission wants to make sure that sound policy initiatives are developed that help deliver the objectives of the Digital Agenda for Europe.
In this case, fun and function emphatically do go hand in hand.
This is not the first debate that we have had on this matter.
Hélène Flautre, author.
When she does speak, it is much more about expressing her satisfaction than addressing the problems.
Its implementation and monitoring will be coordinated by the deputy prime minister, the General Secretariat of the Government and the National Agency for the Roma.
Many law enforcement agencies are totally blind when it comes to the Roma.
It is well known that EU Member States should be submitting their national strategies as part of the framework of the European Roma Strategy for the social inclusion of the Roma by the end of this year.
Our common commitments to respect human dignity, equality, the rule of law and respect for human rights, including the rights of persons belonging to minorities, cannot remain a dead law.
They are counting on our continued help.
The Commission concluded that this situation was neither acceptable nor sustainable.
Therefore, all remaining barriers and market distortions, even those that are tax-related, must continue to be broken down in order to promote cross-border trade and enable a fair distribution of income between the Member States.
I can carry a whole library around on my e-reader.
Fusion is a promising research field that aims to provide a totally new energy source for the future.
I agree with him, so I would like to suggest some positive actions.
In the same way as the European Council does for the Union as a whole, we will also organise a better coordination among the euro area institutions and strengthen the existing administrative support without creating new bodies.
The final say on national budgets will remain where it belongs, with national parliaments.
We need competitiveness.
I am not disappointed with the results provided by the first European semester, however I do believe that they can absolutely be improved upon.
This is a deceptively simple issue, which, in fact, is more difficult on closer inspection.
In fact, it already is in that it dictates the conduct of Member State governments in budgetary matters and also increasingly in other areas such as in social affairs.
They go hand in hand.
They will increase the risks associated with holding sovereign debts, leading to higher interest rates.
The anniversary of the fall of communism in Eastern Europe is also a good opportunity to remind the whole of Europe that socialist economic planning does not work.
The Joint Parliamentary Assembly (JPA) of the African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States (ACP) and the EU is an important forum for debate, discussion and decision making between members of parliaments from both of these regions, and where, under the Cotonou Partnership Agreement, they can strengthen their relations and learn more about their respective situations, as well as promoting the exchange of experiences and the adoption of best practices.
It is, I hope, a new step forward in the development of a genuine European citizenship and in the recognition of a shared history and future.
The added value supplied by this initiative, compared with the UNESCO World Heritage List, for example, comes from the fact that sites will be chosen which have played a key role in the history of the European Union, and not on the basis of beauty or architectural quality.
I believe this to be important both from the point of view of the recording of history and also for the education of young people.
Essentially, keeping well away from the train tracks is good for the health and not for economic policy;
Perhaps a heritage label is what the European Parliament in Strasbourg deserves;
However, I regret that this text overlooks a date for opening up passenger transport on domestic routes to competition: our citizens actually aspire to having a wider range of transport, no longer under the monopoly of a single operator, and which raises the overall quality of the services provided.
Catherine Grèze (Verts/ALE), in writing.
For example, between 1996 and 2008 rail freight’s share decreased by almost 2% to 10.8%, whereas road freight transport increased from 42.1% to 45.9%.
Therefore I agree with the rapporteur that the 2001 railway package is no longer sufficient.
The rules governing it must be reinforced, harmonised and added to to make the train more attractive for passenger and freight transport.
Furthermore, there will be a negative impact on the quality of rail transport services.
At a time when developing and underdeveloped countries are being hit hardest by the impact of climate change and have the fewest resources to adapt, the principle of climate justice must be established to protect the poor population in the most vulnerable states.
In particular, we have emphasised the need to implement the mechanism for reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation (REDD+).
I have voted in favour.
The purpose of this oral question and resolution is to press the Council and the Commission on what action they intend to take following the main findings of the report, including: 1) Promoting good governance in tax matters and fighting illegal financial flows.
It also reiterates its deep concern about the current acquisition of farmland by government-backed foreign investors, particularly in Africa, which is liable to undermine local food security, and urges the Commission to include the issue of land grabbing in its policy dialogue with developing countries so as to make policy coherence the cornerstone of development cooperation at both national and international level and prevent the expropriation of small farmers and unsustainable land and water use.
In 2010 almost 1 billion cinema tickets were sold in the EU, highlighting the huge financial potential offered by European cinema.
In this transition from analogue to digital cinema, operators in both the public and the private sectors in all the Member States should unite at a national as well as an EU level.
In the land of Nîmes, and throughout the Mediterranean, men often came from elsewhere in Europe, marked out roads, built monuments and set up the towns and cities in which are still living today.
There is a need to change policy, with every effort being made to create jobs, not to destroy them with recessive policies, as has happened in several countries, above all in those being targeted by the programmes of the International Monetary Fund and EU, like Portugal and Ireland.
That is why I voted for this report on the mobilisation of EUR 21 644 148 from the EGF for Ireland, with the aim of supporting workers made redundant from 1 560 enterprises operating in Division 43 (‘specialised construction activities’), in the regions of Border, Midlands and Western, and Southern and Eastern.
Abuses committed by the Iranian authorities are harming more and more individuals and organisations and worsening the climate of fear and suspicion.
Mr President, the blogger, Alaa Abd El-Fattah, was accused of calling for resistance against the armed forces during a demonstration.
Sari Essayah, author.
Powers vested in the interim government of Egypt during the state of emergency are used as a tool for detaining bloggers, journalists and human rights activists.
As a product of high nutritional value, fish is today – as always – a fundamental component of the European diet.
Particularly at a time when we are talking about food sustainability and the availability of food, let us move forward.
However, if we are to save our seas, fisheries and coastal communities, a new approach is needed.
The next item is the report by Isabella Lövin, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, on combating illegal fishing at the global level – the role of the EU [2010/2210(INI)] - (A7-0362/2011).
We, the EU, have signed up to a lot of international obligations to eradicate hunger, halt the loss of biodiversity and fight against climate change – and fighting against the very concrete threats to the ocean that international illegal fishing represents is one of the most evident steps that the EU can take to try to achieve all of these objectives.
When approving the report, it is also worth remembering that we should enforce it by joint efforts, not just within the European Commission, but also in all parliamentary committees.
I would like to congratulate Mr Koumoutsakos on the excellent work he has done.
The purpose of the proposal by Parliament is the drafting of the programme within a stable framework for the 2011-2013 period.
In March this year, the Commission came up with a package of legislative proposals on nuclear research and training activities on the European Atomic Energy Community (Euratom) in 2012 and 2013.
To this end, and in order to put joint efforts into overcoming the crisis, the need for closer cooperation between Europe and the US has never been more relevant or necessary.
Rather than falling prey to common weaknesses, the US and the EU need to engage in a transatlantic strategy for jobs and growth, to invest in sustainable infrastructure, while strengthening upstream regulatory cooperation to prevent needless obstacles to business across the Atlantic.
All kinds of pressure, direct and indirect, are being applied to generalise and eternalise this interference on the pretext, so many times, of so-called ‘fiscal harmonisation’, of which so much is said even as the core questions are pushed aside: namely, harmonised by whom, in what way and in whose interests?
I believe that the EU must be ambitious and go beyond merely remedying the inconsistencies of the current legal framework.
I welcome this resolution because the digital market is very important and vital for modern business and EU citizens.
In itself, an association agreement could bring advantages, since it has the scope to consider regulatory aspects of the neighbouring country and therefore bring about changes to its legislation such that the risk of social and economic dumping to the detriment of European enterprises would be reduced.
Secondly, the possibility that the association agreement could smooth the way for negotiations on visa liberalisation is of some concern.
Mitro Repo (S&D).
At stake are access to major resources in the whole region and guaranteed energy supplies, which is why it is important to conclude this agreement.
I believe that, in the final analysis, integrating it into these policies will help to change the character of the institution for the better, in keeping with society’s aspirations.
This problem is especially acute in relation to working and social rights, an area in which unfortunately there have been clear and worrying reversals, which must be vigorously challenged, because, in many cases, they constitute a real retreat from the principles of our civilisation.
Illegal fishing undermines efforts to conserve and manage fish stocks in all capture fisheries.
I voted for the amendment which urges the Commission to continue its efforts to promote the exchange of information in order to integrate maritime surveillance and, in particular, information aimed at harmonising coastguard services at European level.
Mara Bizzotto (EFD), in writing.
Nikolaos Chountis (GUE/NGL), in writing.
However, on balance, I consider it undeniable that the role of the ICC in combating genocide and other crimes against humanity, and in asserting international criminal law, has been a positive one.
I am pleased with the financial and logistical support provided to the ICC thus far by the European Union and the individual Member States.
The next item, something which is very important for us all, is the preparations for the European Council meeting to be held on 8-9 December 2011.
The European Financial Stability Facility, the successive constraints to strengthen the Stability and Growth Fund, the troika’s measures in countries covered by bailout programmes, and the blind discipline without growth have created a wave of recession between economies that are totally interlinked, which have, therefore, contaminated each other with bankruptcies and unemployment.
First, the problem we are facing is excessive debt and the macroeconomic imbalance of some eurozone Member States and some candidates.
Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (PPE) .
That is a necessary, even if not sufficient, condition of overcoming the crisis.
Now I also want to reiterate what Commissioner Rehn stressed: that we believe very strongly that solutions must be found in full unity in the circle of twenty-seven;
President.
Is it a ‘lender of last resort’ or not?
Combating corruption, judicial reform, the prosecution of war criminals by the Croatian justice system and the protection of minorities must remain high on the reform agenda.
During a phase of pessimism, which we have just been discussing, and even sometimes of defeatism, it is important to show that we believe in Europe.
Of this everyone must be aware, including politicians not only in Croatia but also in the region, whose reckless statements so often upset the delicate balance achieved.
I also heard your encouragement to Croatia to continue its preparation for membership.
I very much hope that the Croatian debate ahead of the referendum will be a debate based on the facts, and that there will be a campaign, discussions and debate based on real issues.
Considering Croatia’s eight-year path since first submitting its application for accession, the Commission’s monitoring of its progress in meeting the requirements and its subsequent approval, it is fitting that Croatia will be prepared to assume accession in 2013.
Olli Rehn, Vice-President of the Commission.
It is very important to see this European semester as an instrument to create what is needed for long-term economic growth and also, in the short-term, greater economic stability.
The European semester is not an instrument intended to provide a stopgap solution to the problems of the present crisis.
In this regard, the Committee on Regional Development is grateful to the rapporteur for including our proposals, because we now need to tackle the root of the problem and eliminate the causes of the imbalances.
One human right cannot be given priority over another and the recent experiences of our relations with the Mubarak, Ben Ali and Gaddafi regimes or present-day Saudi Arabia or Morocco prove that we have a track record of giving certain human rights priority over others.
I agree with many of you who said that even now we need protection to be provided to those defending human rights.
This is particularly important and relevant if we wish to talk to third countries in the world about democracy and human rights.
It is our duty to defend this institution against intrusion from whatever source.
The compromise text addresses Parliament’s request for more clarity on the financial allocations in broad terms.
This must become a permanent institution and be made into a European Union tradition, the driving force of the single market.
I would say it was the kind of event which inspires all those – I am thinking of the Single Market Forum in Krakow – who are working hard for barriers in the single market to be removed effectively, to continue the process of making the European Union more friendly to the citizens.
At a time when the number of people infected with HIV has risen both in Europe (2.2 million people according to the 2009 data) and globally (34 million people infected with HIV, marking a 17% rise on the level a decade ago), it is time for the European executive to conduct a major analysis of its own action strategy for preventing the number of people affected by this disease from increasing.
Vladko Todorov Panayotov (ALDE), in writing.
I therefore hope that all Members of this House will abstain from ideological consideration and will support the resolution as a whole.
Mandela was obviously referring to the fact that young people and people in general could protect themselves from HIV.
Is it from old age pensioners in Yorkshire – my constituency – on GBP 100 per week?
Every country is responsible for its own fiscal situation.
Even Germany is struggling to obtain funds.
The European Parliament has contributed decisively to that progress, and the ECB commends its work.
As I said before, I do believe that countries are nowadays on track.
some of you said the ECB should do less.
We passed the ‘six-pack’ on economic governance two plenary sessions ago.
In this budget, however, spending on security and military research is increased, the European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union (Frontex) is strengthened, funding for big multinationals is increased, and export subsidies that are ruinous for developing countries are retained.
Funds are given to the Commission which fails to properly control their use, and yet it always comes back to us for more.
Eider Gardiazábal Rubial (S&D).
You are incapable of seeing beyond it.
Now the budget is increasing by just under 2%, which is a reasonable figure in the economic situation in which we find ourselves right now.
Monika Flašíková Beňová (S&D), in writing.
I support the assistance this report will provide, to mobilise a total amount of EUR 1 518 465 from the European Globalisation Fund for the retraining of redundant workers in the Portuguese manufacturing sector.
Today’s vote provides another powerful and concrete example of legal basis.
Overall, the granting of repayable funds and the setting up of a special credit line for individual beneficiaries to use both seem to be moving towards an expansion of the range of funding possibilities, which is all the more important at a time of serious financial difficulty for many Member States.
Vito Bonsignore (PPE), in writing.
I welcome the European Commission proposal to use cohesion policy to provide additional financial assistance for the Member States currently facing serious difficulties handling their deficit, as is the case with my country.
We admit that.
Brice Hortefeux (PPE), in writing.
The Commission has assessed it in light of the scale of the handicaps affecting the Canary Islands.
However, I believe that this should not affect trade with other outermost regions, but should, as its origins suggest, encourage the competitiveness of regions that have specific difficulties, and therefore require special measures.
While speculators have been focusing on the sovereign debt of the Member States, making the funding that they need subject to loan sharks, the ECB has been financing the banks at interest rates that are several times lower than those at which they previously charged the Member States.
With the troika, the ECB pushed to impose the austerity measures that are driving people into poverty.
I welcome the European Central Bank (ECB) Annual Report for 2010.
It is absolutely right that we have a holistic approach.
It is also very important for Member States to use a variety of means to continually extend educational options, take steps to innovate and diversify the national curriculum.
Particular attention to young people with social integration and disability issues should consequently have led to a request for a financial commitment on the part of Member States in order to improve dedicated structures.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
However, I am totally against the position taken by the Council on this issue, and its refusal to acknowledge any of Parliament’s powers.
Patrice Tirolien (S&D), in writing.
At a time when most of the world’s economic growth takes place in developing countries, the EU needs to invest in political diplomacy, promote economic partnerships and foster business cooperation with emerging markets in order to protect European interests.
Alfredo Pallone (PPE), in writing.
Poland and the Russian Federation put forward an amendment to the regulation in light of the special circumstances in the Kaliningrad region.
The small province of Kaliningrad, in the Russian Federation, is fully surrounded by two Member States, and since EU enlargement in 2004, has been the only enclave in the EU, so it should be classified as a local border traffic area under the SBC.
The country has successfully met the required criteria to become a fully-fledged Member State.
I would also highlight the need for the Commission to keep Parliament regularly informed about the extent to which the Croatian authorities are honouring their commitments, so that they can take on all their obligations as a Member State when the country joins the EU on 1 July 2013.
The rhetoric of sacrosanct free competition and ‘social market economy’, a euphemistic expression for the capitalist economy is, in fact, increasingly antisocial, as experience strongly bears out.
That is why I abstained from voting on this report.
Croatia must continue the economic structural reforms, stimulate employment by revitalising the labour market and continue with fiscal consolidation to stimulate competitiveness.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Finally, it is vital that the Treaties be revised only with the agreement and, where necessary, the involvement, of Parliament.
The public procurement sector needs to be professionalised, and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) need to step up their involvement in the award of public contracts.
It calls on the European Union to develop, as quickly as possible, measures to combat this scourge, which affects every single one of our populations.
I would stress that Parliament’s priorities regarding promotion of economic growth and young people were considered.
I voted against the resolution on the EU global response to HIV/AIDS because this resolution does not only contain provisions on the priorities of health care and improving living conditions and the treatment of people infected with the virus, which I support.
In my constituency of London, Chelsea and Westminster Hospital has made appropriate interventions to reduce the rate of mother-to-child HIV transmission to just 1%.
Equally important is the will, expressed by the European Parliament, to combat the stigmatisation of people living with HIV/AIDS.
The sentencing on 11 October 2011 of Ukraine’s former prime minister to seven years in prison and the trials of other ministers have raised serious concerns in the EU and are widely seen as an act of revenge.
The budget, which includes payments to the value of EUR 129 billion and commitments to the value of EUR 147 billion, aims to reduce operational costs in tandem with encouraging growth and competitiveness.
In Romania, one of the reform’s main objectives was to root out corruption in the customs service.
I agree that it may be necessary to create a European Customs Agency in order to bring this about.
I welcome the huge support for the 2012 EU budget, following the agreement reached with the Council of the European Union in the Conciliation Committee.
In favour.
This change is intended to ensure that all the debates in which Baroness Ashton will be participating are grouped together, which means that, in line with the decision taken by the political groups, the David and Siwiec report will be discussed at the end of the afternoon’s sitting.
The second point I should clarify is that the Commission does indeed care about the rights of the people.
One last remark, on the COREPER meeting today.
António Fernando Correia De Campos (S&D), in writing.
We need to put right past mistakes;
I would like to know how we in Europe are supposed to improve our global reputation when we demonstrate that we are lacking in unity and unable to agree in the context of a large international project.
After all, the institution of family is sacred and inviolable.
Marc Tarabella (S&D).
This should be directed not only at potential victims, but also at all the authorities that will be called upon to implement this instrument.
Additional information may be requested.
fortunately, we had them alongside us, which cannot always be said of Mr Cercas as we have not seen much of him lately in the trialogue.
I thought at the outset that the proposal tabled by the Commission was very good.
I have asked the Commission if it is satisfied with the criteria and the methodology used for testing such claims because I know that prunes contain two substances, sorbitol and dihydrophenylisatin, which have laxative effects.
In my opinion, it is excellent and should not just be used as an emergency measure, because our finances are so stretched, but because it will genuinely bring us closer together.
Even more alarming is the way the money is being used.
Kristiina Ojuland (ALDE).
High Representative, in your visits, you should make a point of always meeting human rights’ defenders, particularly of women’s rights, and ensure that human rights are a mandatory topic for EU delegations and all in the European External Action Service.
so that we respond to election violations in Russia as we do to violations in Kyrgyzstan, where I had the honour to lead the mission, in Belarus and in Ukraine.
You said that, Baroness Ashton.
We must continue to work together with the Arab League and Turkey.
I, too, wish to support the same call.
We must thank you, Baroness Ashton and your teams for your extremely active efforts throughout the year and for managing to present a reviewed neighbourhood policy which provides a much more effective response to the challenges which we have faced this year.
This is equally valid in both the east and the south.
We require targeted intervention here which also supplements the impact of the cohesion policy with the effects produced by the measures and financial support granted to the European Union’s neighbouring regions.
We will no longer focus on short-term stability at the expense of the best interests of the citizens, of their dignity, of constantly defending them and of their individual and collective freedom, with a particular focus on women’s and children’s rights.
Mariya Nedelcheva (PPE).
This is a very important condition for small and medium-sized enterprises as they are far more sensitive to any legislative amendment.
Then we also have another issue relating to how the product is labelled, in other words, what is said about the product.
Again, my congratulations on the excellent results of this work.
Their business can ultimately be placed under state supervision or they can be nationalised.
Martin Schulz (S&D), Blue-card question.
Decisions will now be taken by reinforced qualified majority.
We are putting the blame on others.
Glenis Willmott (S&D).
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
Due to the lack of political will, the message conveyed by the Council was not persuasive enough.
This report provides for the mobilisation of the European Union Solidarity Fund (EUSF) for Spain and Italy.
I am pleased that today’s vote has finally given the green light to the mobilisation of approximately EUR 17 million for the damage caused by the flooding in the Veneto region in autumn 2010.
The torrential rains of last winter caused almost EUR 4 billion worth of damage to the region of Veneto.
The sheer wave of antagonism – it was like being on the receiving end of the Minute’s Hate in Orwell’s 1984, only this time the target is not the agents of Goldsteinism, but the British people as a whole.
Significant use has been made of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) to reduce the impact of globalisation and the consequences of the current financial crisis for the European economy, helping workers who have been made redundant and who are seeking to obtain their reintegration into the labour market.
This is the twenty-third application to be examined under the 2011 budget and refers to the mobilisation of a total amount of EUR 3 918 850 from the EGF for Italy.
Madam President, even if this seems to be a marginal problem at first sight, it represents another step in the right direction.
In view of this, the right time to monitor the aptitude of members of the Court of Auditors to carry out their roles is at the time of their appointment.
The European Protection Order is a document obliging law enforcement authorities throughout the European Union Member States to cooperate in future in protecting victims or potential victims of crime.
I am pleased that a political agreement has been reached and that this second reading can thus be concluded.
I think Angela Merkel is right, but she has been isolated on this because she wants to avoid the nightmare scenario, quite rightly, of a return to the Weimar Republic.
Member States will have three years to transpose this directive into national law.
In the coming years, Europe will increasingly need to receive new economic migrants, which will enable it to tackle the demographic changes.
When letting third-country workers, particularly qualified specialists, into the European Union, we must enable them to obtain a permit and to find employment.
I am pleased that this has also been approved by the Council.
There will no longer be workers, but European and non-European employees, not to mention illegal immigrant workers.
Even worse, this text establishes a link between residence permits and work permits and bases the first, above all, on the duration of the second.
This is an important EU initiative aimed at simplification, which has contributed to more harmonised regulations for fisheries in the Mediterranean.
That is why there are problematic issues concerning both food and the environment in this same area and, ultimately, given the extreme mobility of fish stocks, abusive conduct by one party in a given area can harm the fish stocks of other Member States.
Italy also recently filled the role of Chair of the Scientific Committee.
Furthermore, I should like to draw your attention to several management mistakes that have been made in the past.
The aim of this report on the annual accounts as regards micro-entities is to permit Member States to exempt micro-entities from the general publication requirement, provided that balance sheet information is duly filed, in accordance with national law, with at least one designated competent authority, and that the information is transmitted to the business register.
I voted for this report for those reasons.
We Swedish Social Democrats have today voted in favour of the report on an amendment of the long-term budget for the financing of ITER.
This will therefore enable programmed funds to be made available for the rural economy and contribute to an overall economic recovery in these Member States.
Despite the controversy surrounding this project, in general terms, we believe it is important that research in the field of energy be able to continue, so as to overcome the risks and limitations of the forms of energy currently available.
other than duties, these are trade restricting measures that limit imports.
However, as the French President rightly pointed out only last week in Marseille, we cannot impose quality standards on our producers and industries if these are not then met by the products that we import.
Hence, the Commission should act proactively to remove or at the very least reduce the restrictive impact of NTBs on the capacity of European businesses to access foreign markets.
In contrast, the residual products of nuclear fusion are far less radioactive.
Nuclear fission gives rise to long-lasting, highly toxic, radioactive substances that represent a permanent danger to people and the environment.
However, to take just one example, it is worth noting that over 82% of the orange juice consumed in Europe comes mainly from Brazil and the United States.
The chemicals used in dishwasher detergents are very different to the laundry detergents.
Given the long life cycle these substances have, measures are needed to mitigate their adverse impact on the water table and marine life.
This measure, which will be extended to dishwasher detergents, will apply from January 2013.
Therefore, the pollution will continue with or without those detergents.
Finally, the report evaluating the agreement states that it has not contributed effectively to the development of the fisheries sector and that it does not meet the specific needs of Morocco, either technically or financially.
Any economic activity related to natural resources should be carried out for the benefit of all of the people of such territories.
The Commission has since conducted negotiations with Morocco in order to renew this FPA by a single initial protocol, which was expiring, and to extend it by one year.
Monika Flašíková Beňová (S&D), in writing.
It is important that this situation does not lead to Europe lacking the ability to act on the international stage, particularly in pursuit of its peacekeeping missions.
This is just one of the reasons why I voted against the Lisek report.
I think that its role and its Community character take on particular importance at this time of crisis, when various cuts are being made to budgets in order to make savings.
The registration of candidates in next year’s presidential elections is currently in progress.
Maria Da Graça Carvalho (PPE), in writing.
Issues such as energy problems, terrorism, Afghanistan and Iran, corruption, respect for human rights and the establishment of democracy must assume a prominent position at this summit.
As such, challenges on an international level, in particular, with regard to Syria and Iran, cannot be solved without a coordinated approach.
calls for an immediate and full investigation of all reports of fraud and intimidation, and penalties for those found responsible, and hopes that President Medvedev’s order to investigate this proves substantial and transparent.
The European Union wants to develop a strategic partnership with a safe and stable country that respects fundamental rights and freedoms and the sovereignty of its neighbours.
Charalampos Angourakis (GUE/NGL), in writing.
I voted for the review of European Neighbourhood Policy, the principal objectives of which are the consolidation of security, democratic stability and wellbeing in the countries bordering the EU.
Conversely, it also seeks to enrich the common heritage with elements offered by the different traditions of neighbouring countries.
All in all, the publication of the secret service data examined by the report would fundamentally endanger European security.
The first amendment involves Iceland and Montenegro being moved from the list of potential candidate countries to that of candidate countries.
The purpose of these amendments is to clarify the rules for accessing subsidy agreements financed under the umbrella of the cross-border component, and to ensure compatibility with other external aid instruments, particularly the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument.
In the past, there have been frequent occurrences of irregularities.
Attention is drawn to the fact that the degree of alignment of Iceland with EU legislation through the European Economic Area Agreement and its level of economic and social development make it an exception among candidate countries.
The purpose of this Commission proposal is to amend Article 19 of Regulation (EC) No 1085/2006, of the Council, creating an Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance.
In favour.
By way of example, almost 80% of the orange juice consumed in the European Union comes from the United States and Brazil.
For this reason, I agree with the correction to Article 7a paragraph 1a such that the period for the Commission’s delegated powers is amended from ‘an unfixed period’ to five years.
The subject deserves it and our citizens are entitled to expect a clear and well-functioning legislation on public access to our documents.
Let us hope that we can take a few small steps forward, and that, in future talks, there will be an emphasis on transparency and a public approach to issues, and that we will find consensus.
The amendment to the regulation introduces the obligation for every administrative unit to appoint one employee responsible for providing information at the request of citizens.
A truck goes from Tallinn to Lisbon without any barriers.
I congratulate the rapporteur, who, in just three months, has succeeded in compiling an important document mapping out directions for the near future.
This is not only a major disappointment, but a fatal error in terms of European integration.
I also welcome the fact that improving road safety is considered an important aspect here.
I would like to thank the rapporteur once again for being so ready to compromise.
Mr President, the effort to create a single European transport area is an important ambition, but it is running into the differences between laws in the area of transport.
If we do not have Europe-wide answers to these questions, then we will probably be the cause of a lot of disappointment for business, for citizens and Member States everywhere.
Ladies and gentlemen, I support this report because in general, it will contribute to the reduction of our dependence on energy imports in the transport sector.
I now go on to the second point.
Csanád Szegedi (NI).
Roberta Angelilli (PPE), Blue-card answer.
The European Arrest Warrant Framework Decision requires the surrender of persons between Member States both in pre-trial and post-trial situations.
As I have also said, we in this Parliament have failed to have this dialogue with the Uzbek representatives.
Families are threatened with the loss of electricity, or loss of social security.
They face really horrific conditions – 10-hour working days, exposure to harmful pesticides – and risk physical harm or expulsion from school if they refuse to do it.
I find it bizarre that we are having a discussion here in the European Parliament about the Blue Card and the Seasonal Workers Directive, while we still have restrictions in the internal labour market, at a time when we are talking about strengthening the internal market.
Kristian Vigenin (S&D).
Governments must read carefully your last report of 11 November, where the data speaks for itself – there are no grounds for continuing the restrictions.
In the economic field, there is the matter of energy and the Nabucco pipeline.
It can be said quite simply that routine work has progressed with good results.
As time went on, it became apparent that this was a little less possible than had been expected.
I do not think you two gentlemen can hear it, as if you have come here from another planet, the planet of Poland’s Law and Justice Party, or, in Mr Kurski’s case, from the now not Law and Justice planet.
The European Community has not seen the kind of development that we imagined for some years now, and the intergovernmental approach – as President Barroso clearly explained yesterday – paralyses the momentum which EU law would otherwise have achieved over the past few years.
At the same time, it is also important to see what this Presidency of the Council will leave to the next Presidencies.
I want once again to reiterate that the Commission, Commissioner Lewandowski and I will give this file the highest priority.
Incidentally, this is not only happening in Europe, at European level, but also at national level.
I have heard words of praise from many quarters for the Polish Presidency which has been characterised by professionalism and enthusiasm.
Retirement reform has been through that.
Any data or content connected in any way with the policies, measures and decisions of all bodies and institutions of the EU is defined as a document.
Parliament’s resolution of 7 October 2010 said EMSA’s mandate ‘should be extended from vessels to offshore installations’ and calls ‘for the conferral of any such new tasks to be reflected in the EMSA’s budget and staff numbers’.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973, which freed the people of Libya, was epoch-making.
In my country, the Transylvania motorway project, worth EUR 2.2 billion, will establish a link between the markets of Europe and Central Asia.
I note the emphasis that has been placed on continuing to develop railway transport in Member States.
I should like to point out one of the vital roles of transport networks: proper and sustainable spatial planning.
Overcrowding and suicide are too often the case in Europe’s prison facilities.
Therefore, the necessary approximation of the rights of suspects and accused persons and of procedural rights in criminal proceedings, which is crucial to ensuring mutual trust between Member States in the area of freedom, security and justice, does not exhaust the Union’s goal.
I support the result of today’s vote because we have succeeded in ensuring that agreement only depends on one single main precondition (the admission of an observer mission from the International Labour Organization).
Elisabeth Köstinger (PPE), in writing.
As such, I am voting for this draft interim report on textiles protocol, and I await the Commission opening dialogue with the authorities, taking human rights into account in the common commercial policy.
Member States should abolish all barriers by the end of this year, as nothing justifies them economically.
The EU rapporteur’s view is that there should be a thorough reassessment of the EU’s strategy and that steps should be taken to strengthen its engagement, concentrating on those objectives and measures which will contribute most to meeting the most pressing challenges, which she considers to be human rights and the rule of law, water and energy, and regional security.
Although tangible progress has been made, the limitations of the European strategy vis-à-vis Central Europe are now obvious.
I do not agree with these parts of the report, which pays attention to classes of people no more vulnerable than millions of European citizens who, in the current crisis, are in serious difficulties from an employment, social and economic point of view.
This is an area where we have seen a steady deterioration in the situation of workers, no matter what their profession.
However, this also requires efforts from Member States to ensure compliance with accident prevention policies, especially in the case of part-time work programmes for which women are preferred.
Naturally, I agree with the need to protect workers from all risks to their health and safety at work.
The report also deals with work-related stress, which is a major problem for many people, especially with the increasing number of people being made redundant as a result of the economic crisis.
Zigmantas Balčytis (S&D), in writing.
Anne Delvaux (PPE), in writing.
However, Islamic influence is fairly intense due to the radical Iranian regime in Azerbaijan’s neighbourhood.
However, I find it outrageous that the situation of women in Afghanistan is still almost unchanged 10 years after the signature of the Bonn Agreement on creating the transitional government under the presidency of Hamid Karzai.
Mr President, Zakaria witnessed acts of violence committed by the police against 13 young Moroccans at Tunis airport on 13 November.
We in the European Union will be making a broad offer of support to the Tunisians in our EU-Tunisia Action Plan, and it is in this context that we should allow plenty of room for a reform of the security sector.
I wish you a safe journey home.
We can only encourage applications under the original trade globalisation criteria, and this is what the Commission can do under the present circumstances.
As regards the review aimed at extending the ‘crisis’ criterion, the fact that some Member States decided to block it in Council is surprising, striking, indicative of a lack of solidarity, and worrying, when we consider that the review of the post-2013 fund is on the table.
Unfortunately, it seems I was talking about atomic power plant construction all in vain;
We must not forget our achievements thus far, but we must also face the new challenges created by a global market in which our closest competitors are China and the US.
Thus, we have three major focuses in the area of competition policy in the European Commission this year.
I did everything in order not to disappoint your trust.
I knew that I could count on you, no matter what our views were.
When I travelled from Baku to Yerevan, from Tbilisi to Chisinau, I tried to explain that sitting and negotiating at the same table gives hope for lasting peace.
Women’s rights are simply human rights.
For this reason I call for a greater involvement of the European Parliament in this discussion and the decision-making process.
As parliamentarians, we have an obligation to engage Europeans in our joint undertakings and to be the link to the European institutions.
This is no easy matter.
I refer to banks, telecommunications and energy companies, hypermarkets.
If you have a two-thirds majority in a country, you must be aware that you have to be very sensitive in how you deal with such matters, and not put all your friends ...
Mr President, the Hungarian Parliament has adopted a constitution and a large number of new laws in record time.
I am convinced that this is as it should be.
Europe is about dialogue, and this is an opportunity for dialogue, even if Mr Orbán stated that he will only bow to power, and not to arguments.
At a time when elsewhere in Europe we are raising the retirement age, Mr Orbán’s government intends to reduce the retirement age for judges – an initiative that critics regard as an attempt to tailor the composition of the Constitutional Court.
They were imprisoned.
It is a fact that over the past two years there has been a reform in my country of such a magnitude that it should have been undertaken already at the time of Hungary’s democratic transition.
A series of laws have been adopted, targeting the whole judicial system and the independence of the central bank.
I think that instead of beating our head against a wall, we should revise our climate policy so that its costs are distributed more equitably.
Angelika Werthmann (NI).
Romana Jordan Cizelj (PPE).
That was the big step forward in Durban, namely that all countries in the end agreed that in the future they would somehow have to be legally bound and that we would be equally legally bound.
I can say today that the Commission can accept the text negotiated between the institutions and will do its best to ensure smooth and full implementation after adoption by Parliament and the Council.
For the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, it is essential to reinforce the substitution of highly dangerous active substances by strengthening the exclusion criteria but also by limiting the derogations and introducing national guarantees for the adjustment of the conditions of use of product authorisations.
So the answer for growth lies in our enterprises, including our small and medium-sized companies.
Ildikó Gáll-Pelcz (PPE).
We therefore find ourselves in a very difficult situation – and mine is not empty rhetoric – as we are facing a halt in the EU development process.
They describe the lack of political courage and unity in Europe as the main problems at the moment.
Young people all across Europe are expecting that from us.
Therefore the President of the European Council and I have agreed not to forget the issue of growth and employment.
This is what we want to do.
Being overly concerned with austerity measures, Member State governments have forgotten their obligations to their citizens.
Still it did not work.
To date, the UNECE has adopted 126 regulations and the EU has acceded to 106.
They allow a third country to reject, withdraw or suspend the permissions or authorisations of an air carrier that has been designated by a Member State but that is not substantially owned and effectively controlled by that Member State or its nationals.
The European Commission has negotiated an agreement in which certain clauses in the 19 bilateral air services agreements between EU Member States and Indonesia are replaced.
The purpose of concluding this agreement is to bring an end to these bilateral agreements and establish a single one governing relations on certain aspects of air services with Indonesia.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
Monika Flašíková Beňová (S&D), in writing.
The EU had a duty to fill the regulatory gaps that were preventing this waste from being properly managed, as regards collection, recovery, recycling and combating its illegal export.
Member States will be able to make an exception only when absolutely necessary.
José Manuel Fernandes (PPE), in writing.
Finally, it focuses on small and medium-sized holdings, including family units, and the need for them to earn a decent wage, to produce quantitatively and qualitatively adequate food at affordable prices to consumers, to create jobs, to promote rural development and to safeguard the protection and sustainability of the environment.
It is very important for farmers to be paid fair and profitable prices for agricultural production and for maximum profit margins to be set for large supermarkets.
Anneli Jäätteenmäki (ALDE).
As GMES is an essential tool in combating climate change and environmental degradation, we recommend funding for GMES in the multiannual financial framework 2014-2020.
Exchanging best practices at European and national level, as suggested by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, the proposed awareness-raising campaigns in schools, and the possible choice of 2013 as the European Year against Food Waste, may well also contribute to hitting the targets that we have set ourselves.
This report identifies the causes of the wastage and points the finger at lots of failings, such as wastage at the final stages of the food chain in the industrialised countries resulting from an overabundance of food produced.
Diogo Feio (PPE), in writing.
They should be reluctant to regulate markets – that is usually heavy-handed and rarely effective – but they should offer encouragement and support to the industry by indicating best practice on all sides.
Moreover, rising food costs do not seem to result in higher farm gate prices and this has to be looked at for the benefit of both the consumer and the farmer.
What has been lacking in the Commission and the Member States is a genuine political will to implement solutions.
And to Mr Agnew, who finds this debate so important that he has already left the room, and all his colleagues from the British Conservative Party, who put the interests of the City of London, with its warped financial products, above the producers of their daily bread, I will tell you how the market really works.
Next, to respond to your question on the need to move forward with an appropriate analysis of food prices in the EU, with a view to monitoring compliance with transparency, I would like to remind you of the important work done by Eurostat, the Commission’s statistical service, on the European food prices monitoring tool.
Ever increasing production and agricultural input costs in conjunction with only marginally increasing farm gate prices have resulted in a drop in income for farmers.
The European Innovation Partnership for agricultural productivity and sustainability and awards for innovative local cooperation in rural areas will help to promote innovative measures throughout the food supply chain.
The achievement of this ambitious goal is, in large part, due to the impetus provided by Article 189 of the Treaty of Lisbon, which clearly and unequivocally gives the European Union responsibility for coordinating and consolidating national space policies and programmes through a joint approach in order to promote scientific and technical progress and industrial competitiveness.
At a time like the present, when there is a deep economic crisis, it seems more vital than ever for the EU to provide economic support to the space industry with a view to maintaining our continent’s competitiveness within an increasingly competitive global system.
(The President cut off the speaker)
The vote will take place today at 12.00.
We can no longer permit ourselves to underestimate it.
The issue of whether this should be focused within the organisation of social expenditure or should go back to the management and use of the Agriculture Directorate-General’s sector has remained unresolved.
President.
In accordance with Rule 123, it will be forwarded to its addressees and published in the Texts Adopted of the current sitting together with the names of the signatories.
They are suffering.
It is so simple and so effective.
You have found the right words and the appropriate tone to ensure that we in the European Union are heard, as Mr Barroso has said.
Therefore there is this economic aspect and this social aspect and of course, as I have just mentioned, there is what can be done at EU level and what can be done at Member State level.
There is nothing that resembles a real solution to the crisis, which is becoming ever more severe.
Social struggle, which is building throughout Europe, is the surest way of avoiding this path, and of paving the way for hope and confidence in a better future.
Véronique Mathieu (PPE), in writing.
It is a major instrument for growth in Europe, but, for more than a year now, its introduction – which is so needed – has been blocked.
It was supposed to make Europe the most dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world by 2010.
I will then allow the opportunity – if it is so desired – for a supplementary question, which will be limited to 30 seconds, as will the answer.
The President of the Republic of Ecuador has brought criminal proceedings against the journalist, the newspaper and its owners because of the opinion that was expressed.
This is now happening in the next two weeks.
In Iraq our European Union delegation is housed with the British, who are leaving Iraq.
The purpose of sanctions is to create a strong economic action in order, as I have indicated, to succeed in bringing Iran to the negotiation table.
Sajjad Karim (ECR).
I said transatlantic – front behind you in 2012.
In addition, there is an increasingly aggressive economic war being waged with the intention of destabilising the country.
However, we should be thinking already about making the carrot more visible.
However, we must ask ourselves whether or not a general sanction on Iranian oil will give the expected results.
I firmly believe that if we try to lead these diplomatic negotiations into other areas, and if we can show convincingly that we are interested in a proper partnership even with countries like Iran - not just with the regime, but with the country as such – then we will also succeed in monitoring the nuclear regime in Iran.
I keep in close contact with Foreign Minister Davutoğlu on this issue.
Mr President, Russia’s accession to the WTO, at the end of 18 years of negotiations, opens a new perspective on international trade relations.
Ria Oomen-Ruijten, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Kristiina Ojuland (ALDE).
That is why I would recommend an intensification of bilateral relations without artificially pushing these countries towards greater cohesion.
The Committee on Development also asked the Commission to define specific areas of cooperation with the BRICS countries in the field of development policy, for instance cooperation in the health sector, including access to basic healthcare services and infrastructure, the fight against AIDS and other matters.
Nessa Childers (S&D).
I call on the Commission to do everything possible within the framework of the Treaty of Lisbon to develop and support sport for people with disabilities.
Major sporting events such as the Olympic Games or the European Football Championships attract millions of spectators and have a considerable impact economically and in terms of jobs.
There are 35 million amateurs involved in sporting organisations in Europe.
I firmly believe that it is our common interest to continue having a strong and reliable partner in Hungary, respecting the values that unite us.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
Olle Schmidt, rapporteur.
Mr President, the current economic and financial crisis has led to a significant rise in public debt in Europe and, in this context, the automatic stabilisers of the welfare state become more relevant than ever.
The Commission and Member States must continue their cooperation against double taxation, tax fraud and tax evasion in order to increase transparency and reduce loopholes and uncertainties for businesses and citizens with regard to tax collection.
The next item is the report by Martin Ehrenhauser, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on the budgetary control of EU humanitarian aid managed by ECHO (2011/2073(INI)) (A7-0444/2011).
Secondly, the narrative reports sent to the Commission in respect of implementation are worded very vaguely, in my view, where results are concerned.
Andrea Češková (ECR).
the importance of the EU-India strategic partnership;
Cooperation between the EU and the BRICS countries is, in my opinion, the key to safeguarding our leadership.
This is hypocritical.
This report aims primarily to promote fiscal competition among the Member States.
In particular, it might be worthwhile considering a period of cooperation between emergency bodies and development bodies by implementing some form of transfer of deliveries.
I am particularly concerned about the abuse of these class actions.
All recent studies show that excessive consumption of sugar is extremely harmful for the health.
In favour.
The issue is precisely how the industry is allowed to communicate this information to consumers, or, in other words, the methodology behind the health claim.
I am not opposed to financial discipline in Europe: indeed, I want to have a debate on accountability, growth and jobs.
I abstained from voting on this report.
We will not agree to this attack on the Iranian people.
Sport plays an important role in society and helps to strengthen social well-being because it boosts employment and integration and contributes to society and social development.
As the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, we pushed for the following points: the adoption of sport as a compulsory subject in school curricula, the need to encourage women and girls from disadvantaged backgrounds to take up sport, focusing on sport as a driver of social integration and as a tool with which to combat intolerance, racism and violence, increasing the protection of minors in competitive sport, combating doping, the use of the European flag at all official sports events, the establishment of a European Day of Sports and the extension of the Erasmus programme to sports.
Mário David (PPE), in writing.
Special training courses for outstanding sportspeople who wish to pursue studies in higher education are indispensable.
for example: combating doping, violence and intolerance, the free movement of the public and sportsmen and women switching nationality, the legality of player transfers and the transparency of the associated transfers, European social dialogue in the sector, and the integrity of competitions.
Derek Vaughan (S&D), in writing.
The report results from complaints submitted by European citizens and shows how weak the role of the European institutions and their directives can be if they are not adequately backed up by a comprehensive monitoring network.
Even more important are preventive measures to avoid waste, something that is not given enough consideration in the report.
We should also support the move for the programme to focus more of its attention on the eradication of so-called – and rather shocking – honour killings and female genital mutilation, which sadly still goes on in some Member States and should have absolutely no place whatsoever in a European society.
We also propose a colour-coded system for classifying waste, thereby helping citizens to understand the waste cycle and increase recycling rates.
I am voting for this report since it raises in quite a timely fashion a fairly sensitive subject that should be debated: the situation of women and children in situations of armed conflict.
However, the entire report is imbued with an undisguisable militarist vision, which is quite explicit when advocating better conditions for women in the military and civilian missions undertaken by NATO.
Anna Ibrisagic (PPE), in writing.
they want to be the authors of change and the authors of a better destiny for their children, especially for their daughters.
Even today, women still account for less than 10% of the official participants at peace negotiations, with very few exceptions.
Sexual violence and mass rapes, used as a weapon of war, are, unfortunately, on the increase throughout the world.
In addition, Parliament recognises that the public sector alone will not be able to meet all the financing needs required to develop energy access, and therefore draws attention to the importance of private investors and market-oriented reforms for the energy sector.
I am particularly keen to see that the rapporteur has recognised the need to update rules.
I do, however, regret the fact that this text restricts itself to a market approach and public-private partnerships, the limitations of which it nonetheless condemns.
Every state is responsible for access to universal services, but not every developing country is capable of independently ensuring universal energy access for the poor.
Sound fiscal consolidation, together with fairer and more targeted distribution of the tax burden, is necessary to ensure fiscal credibility, and the reduction of debt requires both expenditure restraint and tax increases, while growth-oriented tax changes must be given priority.
I also agree with the view that we need to tackle tax havens together, rather than settling for bilateral agreements on this issue.
This problem is bound to be of interest to the public authorities.
We are only now realising that what we do not consume we throw away.
There is much to be done.
I started because a member of my family got sick – irrevocable damage was caused to his health – because of groundwater pollution.
These are also in the report, but I will just recap here in any case.
We need transparency about how waste is handled;
There are alternatives that are virtuous and create employment.
More attention should be paid to prevention and also the financing of small organisations that tackle this issue.
However, we believe that a series of rules also need to be applied to those involved in the process of war and peace.
The creation of so-called mailbox companies, with which we also have experience in the EU Member States, is certainly an undesirable phenomenon that needs to be addressed.
Why have we been deadlocked on this programme, which directly concerns support for the most fragile people through so many of the associations to which Mr Daul rightly paid tribute and which are not all very large associations but local associations which do excellent work?
We have made concrete proposals to arrive at what I hope will one day be a European civil protection force to respond to disasters outside the EU, but also, Mr Daul, to act as needed when all European countries are affected by problems which impact on the most vulnerable people and which put the health or safety of some of our fellow citizens in danger.
It is also high time that we promoted a common energy policy.
It cannot be criticised either for being the place where Mr Campinos and all his team have done such an excellent job, as Mr Barnier has quite rightly said.
It is important that we fully understand what we are dealing with in order to react appropriately.
Furthermore, the Commission will be one of the main beneficiaries of the services provided by the Observatory thanks to the increased credibility and objectivity of the data it will collect.
To give the proposal the benefit of the doubt – despite my misgivings about it – hopefully the observatory can be something good if it really focuses on proper academic research.
Well, a big part of our growth agenda can be fulfilled from the potentials that we have in innovation and what our thinkers right across the European Union are doing in the creative industries.
I predict that, sitting there by the Costa Brava beach, the office and its lucky bureaucrats will become bloated on sun, sangria and paella.
A platform is being created which can be accessed via the e-Justice Portal.
Nikolaos Chountis (GUE/NGL), Blue-card answer.
All this requires a good quality IT platform and of course, a high level of reliability and security.
First, the topic of possible prices or price rises.
Lastly, in the event of disputes, parties should have access to effective and inexpensive dispute settlement mechanisms which do not burden users with unreasonable legal costs.
It has been announced many times with deadlines and dates that have never been respected, as you have indirectly admitted.
Madam President, there is a contradiction here because, while we are debating social cohesion, a policy is being promoted, for which the Commission is partly responsible, which is causing an increase in unemployment and the closure of numerous small and medium-sized enterprises in Greece.
Erminia Mazzoni (PPE), in writing.
Structural and cohesion policy is one of the key policy areas of the European Union and, by definition, it should serve the purpose of consolidating the economic and social cohesion of the Union, while at the same time promoting growth and employment, in underdeveloped regions in particular.
The Greek people are not alone.
Fellow representatives, we are aware of the solution.
Mr President, the European milk production sector has recently gone through a relatively difficult period, but this has also been the case for other sectors of the European economy.
despite their different natures in many of the Member States, cooperatives are treated as if they were all the same and excluded from the diary package, as if all reflected the real power of the producers.
The debate is closed.
Occasionally in politics you have to not just talk the talk, but walk the walk.
It is also completely clear that, with this agreement, we are not legitimising the situation in Western Sahara.
It is an effective way to make them toe the line and to keep them in poverty.
We are also keen to promote regional cooperation in the Maghreb and support efforts made by Algeria and Morocco to normalise their relations.
We know that Perpignan is currently a key transit point for tomatoes.
I therefore believe, even if there is a desire to hold separate votes about one point or another, that we in the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) will vote in favour of this joint resolution with a large majority.
...
So much is certain.
That is why the model put forward by the German Council of Economic Experts of having low interest rates to finance pre-existing debt is important.
It is important to underline that this is what this decision is about: not only telecoms but also giving new dynamism to the European economy.
I want us to lead the process of change and I want us to create the best opportunities in Europe regarding competitiveness and the use of telecoms opportunities.
Regrettably the Council is yet to adopt the first reading.
As we enter into a period of fisheries reform the Council and Commission will have to adopt a more constructive approach and attitude to Parliament.
This goes beyond the application of Article 43(3).
This will be on the Commission’s agenda in March?
Artur Zasada, author.
Given these differences – within a single Member State, even, quite apart from the differences across national borders – I am far from convinced about whether interconnection makes sense at this point in time.
As a European and a Portuguese, I was very pleased to vote for the protocol to the EU–Guinea-Bissau Fisheries Partnership Agreement, as Guinea-Bissau is a member of the Community of Portuguese-Speaking Countries (CPLP), which is headquartered in Lisbon.
Mr President, I voted along with my Group, the ECR, in favour of the report on technical requirements for credit transfers and direct debits in euros.
Sophie Auconie (PPE), in writing.
I voted in favour of the proposal related to the management of the European Observatory on Counterfeiting and Piracy in order to fight against infringements of intellectual property rights, increase the awareness of public and private sectors of the impact of counterfeiting and piracy and inform consumers of the dangers related to the purchase of fake products.
The Protocol to the Euro-Mediterranean Association Agreement between the EU and Morocco, which we have adopted here today, marks a decisive stage in our bilateral relations.
Maria do Céu Patrão Neves (PPE), in writing.
To this end, the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA) project aims to develop common Union-wide payment instruments to replace current national payment instruments.
It is high time it was necessary to replace the existing national payment systems by a single European system.
In principle I welcome the Commission proposal to create an internal market for euro payment services.
It appears, then, that we are dealing with a legislative intervention which, on the whole, deserves applause.
Within that framework, we must remember that the European Commission operates the European Observatory on Counterfeiting and Piracy, one of the aims of which is to develop technical tools designed to prevent imitation, illegal copying and piracy.
I voted for the legislative resolution on the proposal for a regulation on entrusting the Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market (Trade Marks and Designs) with certain tasks related to the protection of intellectual property rights (IPR), including the assembling of public and private sector representatives as a European Observatory on Counterfeiting and Piracy.
Zoltán Bagó (PPE).
I believe that I will answer only two points while, due to the complexity of the philosophical and systemic points inherent in his speech, I intend to examine the transcription of the words addressed to me by Mr Speroni and for which I thank him very much.
It is important that we maintain pressure on the Syrian regime.
I think we should certainly appeal to Russia and China and say – at one time this was a popular saying in Poland – ‘do not go that way’, because it is the way of compromise and shame.
We have been strongly critical of the decision by China and the Russian Federation to veto a Security Council resolution on Syria.
This could not have been sped up by us, but we could have provided a framework for it.
By discussing Turkey’s accession whilst unresolved border issues and questions of human rights in Northern Cyprus remain, the EU is undermining the integrity of the United Nations.
It is also to be welcomed that this is the unequivocal position of the European Parliament on what is, indeed, a shocking matter.
However, this is, unfortunately, not something that we have any power over.
Parliament must follow the same line, by freezing its administrative expenditure and all of its real estate expansion plans, without falling into the trap of agreeing to populist amendments.
This is something that I believe to be extremely important.
The European Union is going through the worst crisis it has experienced since its foundation.
Consider their thirst, Commissioner, and work for that binding agreement, but keep in mind, too, that we are all potentially disabled.
What we must do immediately is to work with publishers and with associations for visually impaired people on these concrete steps forward and we shall continue to work on the most effective text of a potential legally binding treaty.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Due to the guarantees included in the Treaty, citizens are provided with a high degree of transparency, and sensitive information is protected by strict conditions of use.
However, in third countries, there are data protection systems different from the European Union’s system.
Furthermore, the EPSCO and Ecofin Councils will adopt conclusions.
Francisco Sosa Wagner (NI).
I can remember initiatives in the region which I come from that involved attempts to introduce the dual educational system in different areas of Greece.
Mario Mauro (PPE).
Crushing cuts to wages, pensions, health, welfare and education, mass unemployment, poverty and the impoverishment of the people.
Mr Daul, do you agree with me that a good way of doing this would be to repeal the Working Time Directive?
And why?
Bold decisions and strong political will to promote fiscal stability are needed to restore investment and growth to Europe.
Of course, I support what the Council and the Commission are now doing.
So normal lending is very important.
The motion for a resolution refers to the labour market situation of young people and people approaching the retirement age, as well as of low-skilled workers, those categories considered to be the most severely affected by the crisis.
Among the areas of economic activity, these three categories are particularly prevalent in some Member States in agriculture.
I would like to think that we will come out of this liberal aberration and will try to find answers.
Opportunities such as this, and the Annual Growth Survey and its transformation into ‘annual guidelines for sustainable growth’, on which we are being asked to vote, allow us to make the future of the young generations of Europeans the focus of our debate and to play an active and immediate role in the interaction between Member States and the European Commission.
I voted for this report, which supports the Commission proposal to launch a new employment strategy based on greater coordination of economic policy.
Giovanni La Via (PPE), in writing.
Mairead McGuinness (PPE), in writing.
As part of the Europe 2020 strategy, the EU has drawn up a list of priorities and joint initiatives aimed at smart, sustainable and job-rich growth.
I voted for the resolution on the proposal for a Council decision on guidelines for the employment policies of the Member States because, due to the financial and economic crisis, unemployment has increased alarmingly in the EU.
Seven countries initially rejected the support programme under consideration, on alleged legal grounds.
So there is much yet to be done.
I welcome the Irish Government’s support for this stance.
Council Regulation (EEC) No 3730/87 laid down the general rules for the supply of food to the most deprived persons in the EU.
France also undertakes to continue to provide food aid through charities.
I voted for this recommendation and for extending this aid, but, in the conviction that it will be abolished in 2014, I ask that the appropriations earmarked for France under the European Programme of food aid for the most deprived (PEAD) (EUR 73 million) be deducted from our contribution.
Today, it has left Members with a single choice: let good people starve to death in the days to come or accept aid today and its disappearance tomorrow.
The beneficiaries of the EU food distribution programme are most often homeless, unemployed or elderly people, but the programme is also used by families with many children and single parents.
Opening up the 800 MHz frequency band to electronic communications services in all Member States by 1 January 2013, accelerating the development of mobile broadband services to speeds of at least 30 Mbps by 2020 for all citizens of the European Union, and the allocation of 1 200 MHz of spectrum to mobile data traffic by 2015 are truly strategic decisions, essential to the establishment of a pan-European telecommunications market.
The proposal opens up the 800 MHz band for electronic communications services by 1 January 2013 and will help to create a pan-European telecommunications market where new services can create opportunities and growth for a 500 million consumer market.
While we agree that there is a need to plan and organise the radio spectrum, we believe it is essential that this be done in a context of cooperation among the Member States, retaining it as a public good and keeping it free of Commission guidelines, particularly those that mention putting the radio spectrum at the service of the Europe 2020 strategy, the Digital Agenda for Europe and the Single Market Act.
Maria Da Graça Carvalho (PPE), in writing.
The report states that this imbalance may lead to unfair commercial practices.
In line with this report, the role of own-initiative reports will be enhanced by ensuring that they are handled as strategic reports.
Jean-Luc Mélenchon (GUE/NGL), in writing.
With a view to improving the treatment of own-initiative reports, in particular at the plenary stage, the report following the recommendations by the COP decided that own-initiative reports drawn up on the basis of annual activity and monitoring reports should be handled as strategic reports within the meaning of the last sentence of Rule 48(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
This resolution calls for the pooling of sovereign debt by the countries of the euro area, in accordance with a proposal by a group of German economists.
The euro area is in a unique situation, with the euro area Member States sharing a single currency without a common fiscal policy and a single bond market.
However, a lot more needs to be done to obtain fair prices for dairy farmers.
The potential benefits of introducing this remedy are the principal reasons which ought to persuade us to carry out an in-depth analysis of this question.
Georgios Papanikolaou (PPE), in writing.
At a time when we are seeing increased asymmetry within the EU, economic policy needs to be reviewed and made compatible with social policy.
Young people face an unemployment rate of over 20% and more than 40% in some Member States.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
I find it concerning that, yet again, the European Parliament is navel-gazing over its institutions and the interaction between them instead of seeking proportionate responses to the current crisis.
I welcome the conclusion of this agreement between the EU and the four Schengen-associated states;
Appeals for clemency remain unanswered by the Belarusian authorities.
Michel Barnier, Member of the Commission.
Peter Šťastný, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Recent violent uprisings and the catastrophic events in Port Said tell a sad story.
Would that energy not be better spent in punishing a minister who is a disgrace to Christian Democracy and to the community of values that Europe claims to be?
After all, we cannot put so many obstacles in the way of reuniting families that, in the end, reunification becomes an impossibility.
The report on implementation of the directive and the Green Paper also list problems and shortcomings with implementation of the directive at national level.
At this stage, the Commission has not initiated infringement proceedings.
If we open up the possibility of adopting new provisions, I believe there is a risk that the result will be worse than what we currently have and that fewer people will be reunited with their families.
The small amount of integration that may have been achieved is constantly being undone with the arrival of family members who have to start the whole process again from scratch.
The convention is therefore an incentive for South-South trade, and as such it may contribute to economic growth, economic diversification, the reduction of poverty, democratisation and integration in the region.
Mr Mölzer rightly referred to incidents of abuse, which must be stopped.
Michel Barnier, Member of the Commission.
First, the regional convention on pan-Euro-Mediterranean preferential rules of origin is one of the first practical responses to the historical and positive events that have recently taken place in the countries of many of our southern Mediterranean neighbours.
This convention is important for several reasons.
Let me give you just a few examples: in June 2010, the Romanian authorities were able to get a complete map of the areas affected by flooding due to this programme.
Mr President, Regulation (EU) No 911/2010 on the Global Monitoring for Environment and Security (GMES) and its initial operations, for the period 2011-2013, will expire in 2013 and, unfortunately, the Commission has not come up with a new proposal for a regulation.
In my opinion, it is essential for the institutions to reinforce their interinstitutional cooperation with a view to sharing best practices, looking for savings and thus modernising their policies on human resources, organisation, technology and buildings.
Paulo Rangel (PPE), in writing.
I voted in favour of paragraph 23, which urges the Commission to find a legal solution that would enable fishermen to develop other sources of income within the wide range of ‘fishery-linked activities’ without being financially penalised.
It was important for this resolution to stress the particular importance of small-scale coastal fishing and of traditional fishing in economic, social, environmental and cultural terms, and to contribute to maintaining and creating economic activities and jobs, both upstream and downstream from fishing.
Therefore, I voted in favour of it.
I am grieved by this travesty today which clearly brings to mind the atmosphere of show trials.
However, I supported this resolution which raises concerns about the human rights situation in Russia.
The regime in Russia produces one disappointment after another for democratic institutions in Europe.
Miguel Portas (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The EU must take strong action to that end and bring about a legally binding treaty at WIPO (World Intellectual Property Organisation) level.
Only by implementing these measures will we end discrimination against disabled people, and all people, whatever their disability, will be guaranteed the opportunity to fully exercise fundamental human rights and freedoms without experiencing discrimination.
Mr President, I would like to say that, when voting today on the resolution on the 19th session of the United Nations Organisation, I voted against the amendments, which, once again in this House, under the innocuous-sounding name of ‘reproductive rights’, conceal propaganda for and promotion of the killing of unborn children.
For this reason, a legally binding copyright treaty is urgently needed in this area, in line with the ban on discrimination against people with disabilities enshrined in the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights.
Any measures promoting the development of relationships between countries in the region should be supported.
This recommendation, drafted by Mr Menéndez del Valle, concerns the regional convention on pan-Euro-Mediterranean preferential rules of origin.
The development of effective cooperation between the EU and the Mediterranean area requires stimulation of access to funds through the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument (ENPI).
The Global Monitoring for Environment and Security (GMES) programme provides information that allows a better understanding of how our planet can be changed and the means by which this is done.
Therefore, I signed this resolution to demand the reintegration of GMES into the multiannual financial framework 2014-2020 because it is unacceptable to jeopardise in this way such an important programme, already considered to be one of the European Union’s two flagship space initiatives, along with Galileo, and even more so once it starts to bear fruit.
I am voting for this report because I believe there is a need to ensure effective coverage for deposits of up to EUR 100 000 in any currency, whether made by private individuals or businesses.
That includes the voluntary stress tests carried out on 143 nuclear power stations in the EU in all 14 Member States in which nuclear power stations operate.
it is the ruined soil or the contaminated water.
The civilisation that chose to include a deadly technology in its development model.
This is, of course, natural.
to the further weakening of labour relations, with the weakening of the principle of collective bargaining;
Silvia Costa (S&D) .
Prescribing rank order, of course, is possible only in closed-list systems.
It may be at a snail’s pace, but fortunately the movement is in the right direction.
The Women’s Rights Committee is also currently working on a motion for a resolution to call on the European Commission to revise the 2006 directive on equal treatment, which is one of the areas that generates the most concern, and is a particular focus of European women’s worries and demands in all our societies.
Antigoni Papadopoulou, on behalf of the S&D Group.
Madam President, I would like to congratulate Ms Pietikäinen because she has managed to put together a good text.
We should, however, pay particular attention to implementation of the proposals they contain.
In addition, men must assume the responsibility that falls to them – that falls to us – in the private sphere.
Maternity should be a choice, not a scourge.
In the Czech Republic, the pay gap is far worse than the European average.
Here, both the Commission and our rapporteur have risen to the challenge, a notable achievement on which they deserve to be commended..
Jaroslav Paška, on behalf of the EFD Group.
Children and young people must be protected.
It is unacceptable for precisely those sectors that have proven to be particularly helpful during the financial crisis to become victims of the rules once the crisis is over.
Please get started on this and strengthen the social and solidarity economy.
It is a mistake to consider university education as a matter that is exclusively internal to Member States.
This is, of course, something that interests us.
The more expansive the area of knowledge, the more opportunities there are for young Europeans who, as is well known, are not affected uniformly by this crisis throughout the EU.
Tomorrow, it will be you or me!
In Luxembourg, a law restricting foreign residents’ access to family allowances has just been adopted.
President.
Although these pages have so many visitors that supervising them is almost impossible, authorities need to reach agreements with content providers and server hosts to at least limit such activities.
Have you considered that, when you have to justify the existence of the very badly functioning European Union, you claim that it is because otherwise there would be tension and maybe even war among nations?
However, there are some political bodies, like the one to which you belong in particular, that want to generate tensions and to make political capital out of existing problems, such as unemployment and perhaps even poverty.
Mr Mitchell and Mr Luhan from the EPP Group;
Ireland had a debt/GNP ratio of about 25%.
Mr President, efforts to stabilise national budgets are necessary, but they undermine immediate growth.
In that respect, our rapporteur has set out a number of principles which we are happy to support.
The EU has several necessary instruments available for putting an end to these practices.
As regards the former, the Committee on International Trade is unanimously proposing that Parliament authorise the Council to conclude the International Cocoa Agreement 2010 for three key reasons.
The reason is simple: as they are unable to make a profit from their activity, the producers are forced to look for cheap labour.
There must be a focused and coordinated operation covering the efforts of institutions developing health policy, the European Union’s scientific potential and non-governmental organisations.
Sarah Ludford (ALDE).
We need to combat diabetes and other diseases that affect the population.
In recent years, an increase in the incidence of diabetes has been noted.
Prevention is essential and, indeed, also possible, because the risk factors for all these diseases are already known.
There is a need to focus on and not forget that more than 50% of the EFF has been used to scrap boats, when what we need is to steer it towards productive activity, towards the renewal and modernisation of the fleet and support infrastructure, and towards using job creation and vocational training to bring young people back into the sector.
Mr President, it is obvious that many of our Member States face a lot of difficulties relating to the economic crisis.
In this context, I would highlight two key issues that correspond to the two aims I have just set out.
In the new EMFF, the Commission is proposing some significant changes, including the suggestion to terminate public aid for scrapping, which is still available under the current programme.
I would hope that all colleagues in the Chamber here tonight would urge the US Government to adopt these new rules as swiftly as possible and build on and reinforce the trust between both the EU and the US on trade issues.
This victory has been won by European diplomacy;
Let us recall what the treaty says: firstly, that the European Commission can only have legislative powers in the shape of delegated acts, at the decision and under the control of the EU’s two legislators;
After all, we have signed the new treaty to solve it all, and some are implying that Europe is really OK;
All this will be monitored by the institutions.
The Commission was asked to step up its technical assistance to Greece to achieve this.
It is a privilege to continue the work in this decisive moment for Europe.
But perhaps the biggest bombshell is the German Finance Minister saying just yesterday that nobody can exclude a third bail-out.
The European budget is a budget for investment;
No, the European social model is not dead.
That means we have got to look to the Commission to impose itself on governments and, at the same time, nurture public debate among our citizens so as to create a practical consensus to Europe as a project.
The second cause is the weakening of the Commission.
elections that are difficult for them, not for their countries.
However, unlike Germany, the economies of these crisis countries are not dependent on exports, but on their own internal markets.
Small and medium-sized enterprises, which form the backbone of society, are closing down one after another.
Come on, we have to be serious here.
Furthermore, I want to repeat the call to actively implement the measures that have been agreed in the last few Councils.
Only one issue is being pushed, a single objective, which is financial stability and the actions necessary to guarantee it.
The key issue is to make decisive use of the basic instrument on which the European Community is based: the single market.
They also need to reflate their economies by government-directed investment financed by quantitative easing and not borrowing.
In December, we adopted by a very large majority the Commission’s proposal to extend European Globalisation Adjustment Fund crisis measures.
Relocation is undoubtedly, at least for the time being, crucial for European capital in search of areas where wages are lower.
Here in Parliament, you have had preliminary discussions in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, and discussions so far both within the Council and here in Parliament showed that there are serious doubts about several important aspects of the new EGF regulation, notably, the inclusion of the agricultural sector.
Mr President, this debate on the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) and the extension of crisis-related criteria concerns me in many respects, as it seems to me that, beyond the refusal to extend crisis-related criteria, it is the fund itself which is being targeted, particularly on the part of some Member States who no longer wish to hear mention of EU social action.
Accordingly, in 2009, the Council eased access to the assets of the fund in order to address the first wave of the crisis.
I also welcome the creation of a European Certificate of Succession because I believe that this document will enable heirs, executors of the will and administrators of the estate to avoid many unnecessary administrative procedures.
In the framework of successions within the EU, we know there are judicial systems to settle successions, where it is compulsory to appear before a judge, and non-judicial systems, where the succession is settled by a notary.
The adopted regulation also introduces a European Certificate of Succession (ECS) for use by heirs and legatees having direct rights in the succession, in order to demonstrate specific elements such as the status as heir or the attribution of a specific asset.
There are still many barriers which, directly or indirectly, continue to restrict the free movement of persons within the EU, as well as the public’s ability to fully enjoy the benefits of the single market.
It is paramount that gender equality continues to be promoted in the EU and that Member States are requested to make this a priority issue within their economic strategies.
Legislation may have changed, but traditional gender roles, gender stereotyping and taboos remain an important obstacle to fundamental change.
the solutions that these provide for the problem of inequality between men and women can only be artificial.
The ECR Group strongly opposes all calls at EU level for legislation to establish targets and quotas for women in political parties and institutions and all sectors for that matter.
However, only a small proportion of these cooperatives have chosen the Statute for a European cooperative society (SCE).
However, I strongly believe that the introduction of quotas for women is not the right approach, and rather demeans women.
Launched in 1999, the Bologna process seeks to make higher education in Europe more competitive and attractive and to promote student mobility.
I am voting for the Berlinguer report on the Bologna process.
The Bologna process has made it possible for Europe’s higher education systems to be compatible, and has enabled the removal of still existing barriers to cross-border mobility, so as to enable study in other countries and make European higher education more attractive.
By 2020, 20% of graduates will have carried out a study or training period abroad.
In light of this, I voted to support Mr Scicluna’s initiative.
Public universities should not be continuously questioned, or treated as careless and inefficient bodies.
The report also underlines the need to adopt a systemic approach to the production of European statistics in order to make them more reliable.
- the Commission is urged to forward proposals for legislation aimed at introducing elements of the revised European Statistics Code of Practice into EU law, with a view to distinguishing clearly between the responsibilities and competences of national statistical agencies and those of Member State governments;
We must restore confidence and we can only achieve this if political actions – supported by unbiased statistics – have a tangible impact on people’s lives.
Carlos Coelho (PPE), in writing.
Mr President, 40 years ago, the United Kingdom voted to join a common market.
As you know, the export of European veal and beef to the United States was banned for a decade due to US restrictions relating to BSE (bovine spongiform encephalopathy).
This proposal sets out memoranda that I consider to be decisive and which will be implemented in several phases in order to meet US and Canadian criteria.
At the end of the 1980s, when the European Union decided to ban meat treated with growth hormones, the United States and Canada successfully argued their case at the WTO, which authorised them to impose trade sanctions against the EU.
Free trade has been one of the pillars of the CCP, gearing it towards capitalist competition rather than cooperation and mutual benefit.
Introduction of these important changes to decision-making processes and implementing measures urgently requires the adaptation of existing legal acts, and so I am pleased that Parliament has adopted a report today which allows these innovative measures to be introduced to these regulations on the common commercial policy.
The European Parliament, noting the Commission’s updated financial programming for 2007-2013 and the fiscal consolidation efforts undertaken by most Member States because of the financial and budgetary crisis, recalls that the European Union’s budget is one of the most important instruments where solidarity between Member States and between generations is being demonstrated, and that it provides a clear added value, given its extraordinary impact on the real economy and on the daily lives of European citizens.
The EU budget must also be given sufficient resources to be able to finance the commitments that have previously been decided upon.
That is what is best for taxpayers and for industry.
I voted against Amendment 1 because I think that economic recovery requires measures to strengthen solidarity and boost sustainable growth and employment.
These are the reasons I voted in favour of the report.
The existence of a single market with freedom of movement for persons and goods, with unquestionable benefits for European citizens, at times also enables the existence of criminal organisations, corruption and/or money laundering.
I therefore welcome the adopted resolution, for which I voted, and I hope that its aims of providing training for approximately 700 000 justice professionals by 2020 will be achieved.
The European Union is the world’s principal consumer of chocolate, 70% of global cocoa production is cultivated in West Africa and approximately 18 million children throughout the world are estimated to work on cocoa plantations.
The Member States should develop, implement and monitor national diabetes programmes, aimed at health promotion, risk factor reduction, improved prediction, prevention, early diagnosis, and treatment of diabetes, targeting both the population at large and high-risk groups, and aimed at reducing inequalities and optimising health care resources.
I voted in favour of this resolution as I believe a dedicated EU strategy to tackle its growing diabetes problem is essential in order to improve research cooperation and focus on prevention and early diagnosis.
I absolutely oppose the statements lauding the country’s efforts to integrate the Roma community.
I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution on the 2011 progress report on the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia since it shines a positive light on some crucial steps taken by the country in relation to the EU accession process.
In short, this headlong rush, in the midst of a crisis, while the EU’s absorption capacity is far from proven, is worse than an error: it is faulty.
Siiri Oviir (ALDE), in writing.
The EU, which started with six countries, continues its enlargement process, particularly eastwards, with Croatia slated to accede in June 2013.
It should be noted that in 2011, the country made significant progress towards EU membership.
Justas Vincas Paleckis (S&D), in writing.
The majority in Parliament support the ‘strengthened’ EU Special Representative and continuation of the EU military operation, EUFOR Althea, rather than an end to their mandates.
The amendments proposed by the rapporteur mean that this proposal will help the Member States to make better use of the EFF, so I am voting for this report.
All I can say is that it is not the clear majority in this House that is deliberately taking the wrong course in its criticism of the elections in Russia.
Elmar Brok (PPE), Blue-card answer to two questions.
Csaba Sándor Tabajdi (S&D).
Mr President, an initial conclusion of the demonstrations and elections in Russia is that Russian civil society has become stronger and may be able to generate an alternative to the current regime.
Hannes Swoboda (S&D), Blue-card answer to three questions.
Under the restrictive conditions and one-sided advantages, we cannot exclude the fact that Vladimir Putin narrowly won the presidential elections.
Leonidas Donskis (ALDE) .
Since its independence 20 years ago, it has been the European Union’s policy to support Kazakhstan’s economic and political progress.
Nicole Kiil-Nielsen (Verts/ALE), Blue-card question.
The country obviously has a long way to go until it achieves European standards of political pluralism, freedom of speech and assembly.
This is a long-term process which the European Union must support.
I also believe it is necessary to emphasise that President Nazarbayev is well aware of what we stand for.
These resources, particularly in terms of oil, do little, if anything, to alleviate the needs of the population.
Mr President, I very much welcome the opportunity, at long last, to have a debate on Nigeria.
How the European Union, and the High Representative in particular, assists Nigeria with the current developments will make it clear, in practice, how much store we set by these principles.
The European Union should be striving to strengthen dialogue with the Nigerian Government, to bring it to put robust measures in place which will guarantee public order and justice.
The debate here has highlighted the situation between Muslims and Christians.
It is a leading nation in West Africa, for better or worse.
Mr President, Nigeria is a country with more than 150 million people and it is the largest oil producer in Africa.
We expressed our sincere condolences to the families of the victims.
President.
Mr President, I must repeat once again that our position, the position of the Confederal Group of the European United Left – Nordic Green Left, and my personal position, is that FYROM can and must become a member of the European Union, if its people so wish.
However, I fear that the author of the motion for a resolution has opted for a worse approach, a much less realistic approach than that taken by Mr Füle and Mr Wammen, who discreetly raised the question of the name.
It needs to be ensured that all children can study from appropriate textbooks in their own native language.
These measures can prevent discrimination based on nationality and foster mutual acceptance and the assumption of ethnic identity.
William (The Earl of) Dartmouth (EFD).
Unemployment and a balanced budget are the real issues that Vjekoslav Bevanda, the Chair of the Council of Ministers (not a Prime Minister), is right to deal with.
I therefore want to join you in reminding all political actors in the country of the road map towards European Union integration.
We need to see progress being made in the judicial system and, in particular, in the structured dialogue.
Jo Leinen (S&D).
Blatant undermining of the free movement of persons and open incitement to discrimination have no place in the European Union.
I voted in favour of this European Parliament resolution because the European Union is founded on the values of democracy and the rule of law, and on unequivocal respect for fundamental rights and freedoms, as enshrined in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union and in the ECHR.
However, the website should not be used to name and shame individual citizens.
EU citizens have the right to move, live, study and work wherever in the EU they like and should be welcomed, not discriminated against.
We should point out that workers from the countries which joined the EU in 2004 and 2007 have had a positive impact on the economies of Member States, making a substantial contribution to the sustained economic growth in the EU, and have not caused any upset on the labour markets.
I also hope that our debate today will encourage the Prime Minister of Holland to rebuke his coalition partner.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
However it is difficult to build commercial links when Russia is crying out for democratic reform.
The interests of multinationals also come together here, and they see this country’s joining the World Trade Organisation as a unique opportunity to satisfy their insatiable desire for domination.
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
I firmly believe that all the forms of violence in Nigeria are reprehensible, and that the threat of continuing ethnic, religious and political tension is also a cause for concern, leading to further suffering for thousands of people.
Hand in hand with this should be the drafting of the main global indicators of quality, quantity, achievability and affordability of water and indicators for the effective use of water resources at river basin level.
However, I do have some concerns.
We are therefore calling on the Commission and on Member States to reinforce their commitment to achieve fully the Millennium Development Goals in the field of water and sanitation.
Ewald Stadler (NI).
Parliament, in an own-initiative report, has proposed a range of measures to complement these action plans.
Progress has been achieved, for example, in the car industry, but the aerospace industry is still lagging behind and remains one of the main problem areas.
Given energy consumption and the flows and patterns thereof, issues such as the production and trading models currently in force, as well as free trade and its impact on the relocation of production, are insufficiently addressed.
In seeking a better life, many of these vulnerable persons are kidnapped by traffickers in human beings when crossing clandestinely the Egyptian border or being smuggled directly from neighbouring countries.
We need a coordinating body to go via the African Union, as European Union partners, explicitly committed to the universal values of democracy and human rights.
In accordance with Rule 122 of the Rules of Procedure, I have received six motions for resolutions(1).
We are asking if this is true.
Madam President, here we are once again facing a country in which the people are forced to defend their human rights.
It was with great difficulty that the European Union managed to introduce the European Emissions Trading System in 2007.
Of course we also have an EU budget which could help some Member States to make a transition and achieve energy efficiency and more efficient grid systems and so on.
This, nevertheless, represents 70% of waste water.
The Commission has of course followed the development of the Schmallenberg issue very closely from the start, and we continue to coordinate the EU response.
As with any other viral disease, there is no specific treatment to cure animals infected with the Schmallenberg virus.
Yet if the EU does not pay sufficient attention to addressing minority issues, these future EU citizens will find themselves disappointed in us.
Of course this is done with greater or lesser success, but one has to appreciate the enormous determination shown to overcome problems.
I am of the opinion that the changes and reforms implemented by the country so far point in the right direction, and as regards the remaining measures the EU must provide all necessary means.
That was all possible because it understood that the only chance for Serbia was to cut loose from the past and concentrate on the future – a future which engaged the country inevitably on the path to EU integration.
Serbia has been granted candidate status, and at the same time – this is important – elections are to be held in early May.
This means that Serbia has to confront Kosovo’s independence and abandon illusions that somehow, one day, Kosovo will again be a part of the Serbian State.
This contribution was recognised yesterday when Serbia was awarded the Council of Europe North-South Prize.
Serbia has candidate status, but Kosovo not yet been recognised by five EU Member States.
Mr Kazak, according to the interpretation you talked about the fact that Turkey was being demanded to make unilateral concessions and you accused Cyprus of not living up to its ‘commitments’ – the word in interpretation – towards the Turkish Cypriots in the north of the island.
Some of them are elected members of parliament.
The rigid role which women play in Turkish society means lower participation by women in the workplace, politics and civil society.
The climate of fear and mistrust in institutions in Turkey is undermining its potential to be a leader in a changing world and we urge the Turkish Government to take its responsibilities.
The shadow rapporteurs also deserve recognition.
I am positive that this broad national consensus on the country’s European integration is a major asset for Montenegro.
Charles Tannock, on behalf of the ECR Group.
I welcome this.
Montenegro is having to deal with some of these issues for the first time, but that is necessary and, certainly, welcome.
Ioan Enciu (S&D), in writing.
My thanks also to the Commissioner, for everything he has told us today.
At the same time, we need to bear in mind that we are still increasing the budget in line with what we call inflation: 1.9% plus the costs of incorporating Croatia.
The Commission should then come up with a set of tools contained in a European Code of Conduct which will leave the main corporate governance instruments to be applied by public corporations, customised in certain matters in accordance with the policy of each Member State.
I have an old cookbook at home and at the end of every recipe it says ‘salt and pepper to taste’.
This is why we welcome Mr Bodu’s report, which has achieved broad cooperation and support for the principle of ‘comply or explain’.
This House, the European Parliament, has often done the same thing.
Marian Harkin (ALDE).
Mr President, many months ago Parliament called for efforts to combat the crisis to be extended to include measures to stimulate the economy.
The internal market should, of course, be a priority for these measures.
Damien Abad (PPE), in writing.
I have fought for these measures to be adopted.
I called for operators and airlines to provide regular reports with the aim of making the enforcement bodies more efficient and boosting competition.
James Nicholson (ECR), in writing.
Anna Záborská (PPE).
The revised decision should encourage more Member States to take part in resettling refugees next year, the final year of the current ERF, by increasing the amount of financial support Member States receive from the ERF for resettlements and by enlarging the list of those whose resettlement will be financed by the ERF next year to include vulnerable people such as children, women at risk, unaccompanied minors, persons with serious medical needs, etc.
This list should go beyond the number of refugees protected by each Member State.
Given the global nature of the over-the-counter derivatives market, an approach that is coordinated at the international level is crucial.
In view of this, and in order to address concerns about financial stability, in September of last year, the Commission tabled a proposal for regulating this market.
specifically, the use of central counterparties, the guarantee that OTC derivatives are subject to compensation and the obligation to record them in trade repositories.
Over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives are more than an integral part of the modern financial system: they play a crucial role in the functioning of an efficient and competitive market.
Electromagnetic fields pose a significant risk to workers exposed to the action fields of these physical agents.
We are now living in an era in which we are aware of all the risks to which many sectors of society are exposed.
The Electromagnetic Fields Directive has been a long time in the making and it is incredibly important that we get it right.
Alfredo Antoniozzi (PPE), in writing.
There are a lot of positive items in this report and I am therefore happy to support the continued progress that the country is making and hope that the government of Serbia will continue to do the hard work of reforming the judicial system and civil administration, as well as ensuring the continued fight against corruption and organised crime.
Inês Cristina Zuber (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Nuno Melo (PPE), in writing.
Last month, we debated the trial and verdict of Mr Dmitry Konovalov and Mr Vladislav Kovalev, two men who were dubiously found guilty in the terrorist attacks of 2005 in Vitebsk, and 2008 and 2010 bomb attacks in Minsk.
I should mention that in implementing the EED, balanced support needs to be given to the processes for establishing democracy both in the Eastern Partnership and in the Southern Neighbourhood, in accordance with the ‘more for more’ principle.
The European Endowment for Democracy (EED) could be a useful tool provided it delivers added value by playing a complementary role to that of existing funding instruments, specifically the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights (EIDHR) and the Instrument for Stability, and not overlapping with or curtailing their activities.
It cynically confirms that one condition for starting the process for Serbia to join the EU was to subjugate the Serbian people, hand the final fugitives over to the NATO ‘tribunal’ and cover the dirty EU/NATO war with the ‘reconciliation in the region’ mantle.
We are, however, continuing to call for further efforts to ensure the protection of minorities and the independence of the judiciary and public administration.
The great powers of NATO and the EU have used aggression and military occupation to create and impose a protectorate, and they want to oblige the Serbian people to accept this violation of their territorial integrity and sovereignty.
However, it is in the interests of Europe and the EU to integrate this important country in the Community, thus ensuring stability in the Balkans.
To varying degrees, these countries are concerned that this precedent will encourage or validate separatist movements within their borders, from the Catalans or Basques in Spain, the Hungarian minorities in Romania and Slovakia or the Turks in Cyprus.
It also welcomes the improvements in the legislative framework that have been announced, and calls for their swift and proper implementation and for efforts to tackle this challenge more proactively, in particular, by enhancing the capacities of law enforcement agencies and of the judiciary in this regard, as well as by ensuring transparency in public procurement and tendering procedures.
In this paragraph, Parliament notes that Kosovo’s declaration of independence has been recognised by 88 countries, including 22 EU Member States, and states that Parliament would welcome both the recognition of this declaration by all EU Member States and their more active participation in the mediation process between Serbia and Kosovo.
Furthermore, Member States should continue to be responsible in this way, but we also need European-wide coordination, as, in many respects, the influx of refugees has been uncontrolled.
Turkey’s economy has tripled in size over the past decade, has grown by almost 10% in the last year, and is considered one of the fastest growing economies in the world.
The ethnic divisions are far from resolved and there is a serious risk that new actors and conflicts will emerge in Montenegro and in the region’s other countries.
More transparency in companies, preventing conflicts of interest and promoting good practices in the private sector are all issues that represent my vision of companies in Europe.
Mara Bizzotto (EFD), in writing.
It reads like a hastily compiled shopping list scribbled down on the back of an envelope.
I have lived in a country that, in an effort to eliminate market speculation and so-called excessive profits, first abolished the stock exchange, and then business itself.
As the crisis advances, it becomes increasingly urgent to do away with the illusion that the pyromaniacs can be asked to come and put out the fire they themselves started.
Lara Comi (PPE), in writing.
George Sabin Cutaş (S&D), in writing.
Finally, the report also supports the cooperation between the EIB and the Commission in developing innovative financial instruments to promote the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy.
In the voting on the European Investment Bank (EIB) – annual report 2010, Parliament underlined how, with the amendments introduced by the Lisbon Treaty, there is an attempt to significantly increase the investments to support EU policies and to give greater long-term flexibility, especially to the funding objectives of third countries, infrastructures and economic and social cohesion.
Important infrastructure works are financed through it which could not otherwise be implemented.
These barriers must be eliminated, and by voting in favour of this resolution on citizens’ rights, I join other MEPs in calling for Member States to remove these legal and practical barriers.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Elisabetta Gardini (PPE), in writing.
Mr President, this programme was set up at a time when there were groaning food mountains around Europe.
Mr President, we have genuine agreement across all the groups on this point and this will enable us to convince the countries which have so far been opposed to the programme.
Lastly Commissioner, I would like to draw your attention to another matter: many people in this Parliament do not support macro-economic conditionality – you will never have our support for that – but do support subject-related conditionality and concentration on specific subjects.
Over 20 000 volunteers and many non-governmental organisations are involved in programmes to help the poor in Poland.
There is insufficient information about the results, the impact and the achievements of this policy.
Mojca Kleva (S&D).
However, tackling the problem of public debt and fiscal consolidation is only part of the equation.
We can do it on Thursday.
Although gender equality is reflected in the EU priorities on human rights, the treatment of women as second class citizens continues to be tolerated and insufficient action is taken to combat it.
However, misusing human rights in order to impose certain socio-political ideas puts human rights at risk and is not worthy of the human rights activities of this House.
The European Union should impose clauses protecting and applying human rights in all its trade and sectoral agreements with third countries.
I would like to pinpoint the fact that, when talking today about human rights globally and the European Union’s policy in this area, we should, besides the most basic rights which have all been mentioned here, also talk about social rights in the context of human rights.
However – as I have already indicated – the reports of the arrest of the former Prime Minister and of another senior politician are of deep concern.
Overall, there are now over 200 000 internally displaced persons within Mali, and more than 140 000 are estimated to have fled to neighbouring countries.
For more than 10 years now, the Sahel has been a lawless zone where the worst forms of trafficking prosper completely unhindered.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Yet we must acknowledge the important resolution voted for unanimously by the United Nations Security Council, which enabled military observers to be sent into Syria.
Does the international community need several hundred more killings before everybody recognises that in fact, it is not working because Bashar al-Assad is not willing to apply it?
Removing sanctions and increasing aid is not enough: we all recognise, too, the vital contribution that the private sector can make.
We should support her in this struggle, and not just symbolically.
The Commission’s support is needed to develop regional dialogue aimed at devising a common maritime strategy in the Black Sea region, also involving the other Black Sea riparian states.
Firstly, we must reinvigorate the European Union’s approach to cooperation in the Black Sea region in a way which takes account of the variety of relations we have with the countries around the Black Sea.
The EU’s involvement in Black Sea policy should increase in consistency and become more substantial, in line with the region’s development potential.
The EU needs Azerbaijan for the purpose of European energy independence.
We should use more extensively the framework provided by the Eastern Partnership and the Euronest Parliamentary Assembly in order to boost confidence and encourage inter-party dialogue.
Things are not as simple as they have been described here, with terms such as ‘occupied territories’ being used.
This is why I insist and reiterate that the Union should be involved in the negotiations using the experience of its Member States, and I also refer to the experience of the Baltic countries in the 1990s when it comes to holding – or not – a possible referendum in future.
As the ASEAN ministerial meeting is due to take place on 26/27 April, I agree with the urgency request by the Council to hold the vote on this recommendation today so as to enable the High Representative/Vice-President of the Commission, Baroness Ashton, to sign the accession instruments during that meeting.
The vote in the relevant committee clearly shows that the EU is continuing its intensive efforts in respect of Southeast Asia, pursuing its aims of strengthening its economic presence, promoting stability, promoting the economic development of poorer regions, and promoting the development and consolidation of democracy, the rule of law and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms.
They also declared that, at the time of the conclusion of the next accession treaty and in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements, they would set out the provisions of the decision in a protocol to be attached to the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
I voted in favour of the decision of the European Parliament on the European Council’s proposal not to convene a convention for the addition of a protocol on the concerns of the Irish people regarding the Treaty of Lisbon to the Treaty on European Union and to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
This report identifies a number of key challenges.
In this sense, I welcome the Commission’s plan to include a budget line for ‘Outermost regions and regions with a very low population density’ in the multiannual financial framework 2014-2020.
This paragraph proposes that the special arrangements for the outermost regions in connection with the common agricultural policy (CAP) be retained.
The Connecting Europe Facility should include specific references to the outermost regions.
As with previous annual reports, there is absolutely no mention of the flagrant human rights violations in Palestine, Iraq, Afghanistan, occupied Cyprus or Western Sahara.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Howitt because I believe that the text approved today by Parliament puts forward some positive suggestions for dealing with the difficult issue of human rights.
This report reflects current problems which affect Union citizens and also those living elsewhere.
Alfredo Pallone (PPE), in writing.
The new rules will improve the functioning of the single market by enhancing the social protection of a high number of mobile workers in the EU, such as aircrew members and cross-border self-employed workers.
Today, it is not exceptional for a person to work in two or more Member States for different companies and employers.
The issue of social security is closely related to work.
Mercifully, outside of this institution, economists the world over now say it is inevitable that the euro will break up;
We now have an agreement that will strengthen the mechanisms in place to support Member States in financial difficulty and which will embark upon both vital yet difficult reforms.
I have just cited the group of economists led by Philippe Aghion of Harvard.
The Greeks have made serious sacrifices.
The next item is the statements by the Council and the Commission: Call for concrete ways to combat tax fraud and tax evasion [2012/2599(RSP)].
Dear colleagues, we will be working closely with you and the Commission to ensure that this will be a successful battle against tax fraud and evasion.
Antonio Tajani, Vice-President of the Commission.
It could also mean that we are heading down a path of insecurity that will damage relations between Argentina, Spain and Europe, which have traditionally been good.
However, we do explicitly ask that this matter be included in the revision clause, in a way that will subsequently enable us to examine whether or not, and to what extent, any continuing tax competition between Member States is beneficial or harmful for the Europe that we want to develop together – one that seeks to establish a social market economy.
in the early evening, it is integration by a common corporate tax base;
Instead of creating legislation which is inconsistent with the principle of solidarity and which favours certain Member States, we should rather encourage the Member States to establish a common tax base as soon as possible, as some of them have committed to do under the Euro Plus Pact.
This would be a much better solution because it would accelerate the process of building the single market without unnecessary delays, particularly in view of the fact that the Euro Plus Pact shows there is a broad consensus to begin such a plan.
One blow leads to another and if we do this, citizens and businesses will go under in the name of a false and extreme environmentalism which, in Italy and elsewhere in Europe, is just a way of raising money indiscriminately.
While the package, which was to have been vetoed, will, from 2013, hit at ordinary people by causing a rise in the price mainly of electricity, this legislation will affect them even more strongly by causing a rise in the price of fuels needed for heating and transport.
Joachim Zeller (PPE).
This means that the home base will become the legal basis and thus the sole criterion for the application of social security law.
Two months ago, the action team arrived in Italy, but there has been no public evidence of this meeting.
But – at the same time – we have been advocating a more rapid opening of the labour markets of the older Member States.
Pervenche Berès (S&D).
So we are doing our part to look for innovative solutions to reinforce the lending capacity of the European Investment Bank.
We cannot afford one more generation in waiting for a Palestinian state.
Madam President, not as big a sigh of relief as the British public would!
I think of the euro for instance.
Tomasz Piotr Poręba (ECR).
The UK Parliament merely had to note that and continue with what it was doing.
I am pleased that this accession will further enhance and foster the protection of fundamental human rights and freedoms in the EU thanks to the fact that the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg will assume the power to review the compliance of the Union’s actions with the Convention.
However, a specialised judicial mechanism is also required to ensure that they are promoted and protected fully.
I have to say, however, that in my opinion, the information provided today, including that supplied by the Commissioner, is very much lacking in facts and data regarding the efforts made in this area by two important institutions, namely Europol and Frontex, given that this issue should be one of their main priorities.
The final issue is this: is technology changing rapidly enough for biometric passports to keep ahead of the technical abilities of sophisticated criminals perpetrating fraud, and is a biometric system being backed up with the necessary level of border checks in order to make sure that Europe’s borders are as impenetrable as possible to criminals?
Our Parliament, the only Union institution with democratic legitimacy, must have all of the tools required for its legislative control function.
The second reason is a matter of common sense with regard to Europe’s agricultural ambitions.
Is there are two-part working system here, where the Commission receives maps that are then intended to be kept confidential?
It would, in my view, help to build trust if we could at least receive the Member States’ maps that the Commission is in possession of.
Mr President, like most of my colleagues, I am going to reiterate the need for Parliament to have at its disposal all the information necessary to carry out our work in relation to reforming the common agricultural policy in the best possible way, in a difficult context, such as the one we find ourselves in currently, and in the context of great uncertainty for the sector.
An atlas of these eight biophysical criteria might add to our school equipment, but it is certainly not a basis on which to create a truly targeted subsidy arrangement for Parliament and, above all, for directing future agricultural policy.
On the other hand, without clear information, this Parliament can make no decisions on LFAs in relation to the reform of the Common Agricultural Policy.
This is the legal certainty that we want for our citizens.
Mr President, I would like to draw attention to a problem.
I would also like to recall the Commission’s recast proposal for the Dublin Regulation which, like the rest of the asylum package, aims to increase the efficiency of the system and to improve protection of the applicants.
Thank you for your support and understanding on this, and I am sure we will come back to this issue very soon.
Mr President, you said that the situation was not ideal.
Bearing all this in mind, we can rightly and legitimately conclude that former communist countries that acceded to the EU have a twofold stake in the transformation and modernisation of higher education.
Mr President, the European eGovernment Action Plan offers an opportunity to revamp European and national administrations by significantly cutting costs and encouraging growth, innovation and mobility at regional level.
I think that much has been said about the retention periods.
This does not give carte blanche to all the countries of the world.
Firstly, it does not offer European citizens greater protection.
I am going to vote for this;
We need to examine the significance of that answer.
The commentary is a positive exercise by the United Nations’ agencies to combine the previously-adopted UN and Council of Europe legislation with the implementation of the EU Directive.
I eagerly await the strategy that should soon be submitted to us by the Commission, providing a more comprehensive approach for tackling this type of crime more effectively and, at the same time, enhancing the prevention and victim-protection aspect, paying particular attention to children and other high-risk groups.
They establish partnerships with timber-producing and exporting countries aimed at halting illegal logging, promoting sound forest governance and ensuring that only legally-harvested timber reaches the EU market.
This could cover risks from loans and offering guarantees to project promoters, and the proposal, as it is, would not involve any changes to the overall allocation to the cohesion policy for the 2007-2013 period.
The budgetary and debt crises of the Member States concerned have resulted in extreme situations where these countries are unable to implement key projects in the framework of cohesion and structural policy.
Cohesion policy is the only real mechanism available to the European Union to redistribute wealth.
I took an active part in the drafting of this regulation.
I consider that some elements of the proposal should be clarified and amendments tabled aimed at clarifying the text, with the addition of a definition of a risk-sharing instrument (in line with the recent compromise proposal for a Financial Regulation text) together with a detailed description of the procedure to be applied in order to establish and implement a risk-sharing instrument based on the legal patterns of existing risk-sharing instruments in other Union policies.
Cohesion policy is the only real mechanism available to the European Union to redistribute wealth.
The objective would be to provide capital contributions to cover expected and unexpected losses of loans and guarantees to be extended under a risk-sharing partnership with the European Investment Bank and/or other financial institutions, to which I fully agree.
The new agreement provides for access to these data to be available for only six months and for them to be deleted definitively after five years.
In other words, it is a clear denial of individual freedoms and quite simply legal madness.
The agreement will not only hand over the personal details of European citizens travelling to the US to the Department of Homeland Security, but it will in effect give this agency free rein to access information on passengers as they see fit.
I believe that there is legal uncertainty as to whether the draft Agreement complies with EU data protection legislation and thus as to whether it is compatible with the Treaties in this respect.
Barbara Matera (PPE), in writing.
I voted for the report on the Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base, given that European administrative rules are needed for taxation to get rid of some of the costs and provide investors with greater certainty.
The existence of a revision clause enables the Member States to verify whether the implementation of this directive is positive or negative for a market economy that generates growth and creates jobs.
The Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base is optional.
Leaving all the legal manoeuvres aside, the fact remains that this agreement allows the US side to download personal data on European citizens, and this sensitive data will then be available in the US without any real control over what happens to it thereafter.
Each Member State will apply its own tax rate to the share of the tax base assigned to it.
In addition, the longer term change to the age structure in the EU is significantly hampering the successful management of public finances.
I voted for Amendment 39, although the wording is inappropriate.
However, we must scrupulously see to it that information about private citizens is used only under strictly defined conditions and that its use is monitored and monitorable.
Phil Bennion (ALDE), in writing.
However, these minimum provisions still leave the Member States some scope in connection with taxation.
The European Commission’s proposal to restructure the framework for the taxation of energy products and electricity has been an extremely controversial issue, on which both national and industry interests have sharply conflicted.
Sometimes, the taxation system even encourages consumers to choose forms of energy which produce more pollution, such as coal.
If we want to safeguard the Member States’ to ensure funding for public duties, including the welfare state, we cannot allow such levels of lost taxation, particularly at a time of budgetary discipline and consolidation.
They must also guarantee that reciprocal cooperation will be established with the tax authorities, ensuring that they have the necessary resources to face up to and combat fraud.
Daniel Hannan (ECR).
You can cut tax, you can deregulate, you can – paradoxically – make it easier to fire people so that you encourage employers to hire people in the knowledge that they will not be lumbered with employees in the hard times.
It always causes factory prices to fall;
Some Members of this House are keen to harmonise and raise taxes at Member State and EU level, but they often seem to forget the fact that they are actually very keen on spending other people’s hard-earned money.
Mr President, this is how to transform a good idea can into a punishment for employees and their families.
I have written confirmation of my request to speak from this morning on the system so I have followed the Rules, but thank you for your patience and good humour.
eGovernment truly is a spearhead, not only for a ‘competitive digital single market’, but for the innovation of the European society as a whole.
On the other hand, we must acknowledge that sanctions are not a bad thing in and of themselves.
In addition to the European funding contributing to the EU-wide interoperability of eGovernment services, Member States have to ensure the necessary financial, technical and human resources for the implementation of high impact eGovernment services.
However, we acknowledge that new technological advances like the Internet are an important instrument and an asset for society.
Terrorism in the Sahel is fought actively by implementing the policies of development, social justice, the rule of law and integration.
Weapons and military equipment arrived in northern Mali following the military intervention of France, Great Britain, the United States and NATO in Libya, further igniting the tense internal situation.
The murder of President Amadou Toumani Touré in mid March has brought an end to the slow democratisation process in Mali, probably for a long period.
First of all, we need to coordinate the activities of all the aid organisations more effectively, so that they are not working at cross-purposes.
Alfredo Antoniozzi (PPE), in writing.
The invitation and presence of foreign observers and journalists, including a European Parliament representative, at the elections is proof of the willingness of the government of Burma/Myanmar to continue its process of reforms, which should be sustainable and irreversible.
However, according to the latest report of the UN Special Rapporteur on Human Rights, there are still serious human rights concerns that remain to be addressed: prisoners’ release, discrimination against ethnic groups, as well as poverty and development.
The by-elections of 1 April 2012, which were broadly deemed as free and fair by the international community, are, above all, an indication that Burma is on the path to democratic change.
In this text, we wanted to take stock of the unique opportunity that has presented itself in order to develop a privileged relationship with Burma.
The Commission should complement the criteria and strengthen the procedures for assessing the quality of the projects financed in order to increase the quality of aid and to further decrease the number of non-performing projects.
For example, I introduced this idea into the framework of the resolution on the reform of the European Neighbourhood Policy adopted in April 2011.
This own-initiative report calls for the gender issue to be taken into account in the fight against climate change.
Finally, it is essential to collect gender disaggregated data which will make the decision making better.
That is the position I support.
The report has shortcomings in this regard.
Mr Gerbrandy’s report was put to the vote today during the Strasbourg plenary session.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
In the light of the environmental and economic challenges that we must face up to, we must urgently put a stop to ITER financing.
The ITER project has a particular importance within the programme for a greener, more sustainable Europe, a key objective of the Europe 2020 strategy.
Damien Abad (PPE), in writing.
The rapporteur on higher education talks about highly qualified education, a term involving two completely different concepts which do not necessarily have a direct correlation.
According to Parliament, investment in university infrastructure might be cofinanced from the European Regional Development Fund and the European Social Fund.
(The sitting closed at 13.15)
An improved understanding of the links between climate change and women by means of a system for the collection of gender-disaggregated data would help identify the areas where we need to take action, in order to save energy and water resources which women use in a different way to men to satisfy the needs of their families.
In January 2011, the International Monetary Fund published a table that predicted the ten fastest growing economies in the world, and amongst them were seven African countries with the highest birth rates.
Just as development cannot be solely about economic growth, sustainability cannot be solely about protecting the environment.
Alfreds Rubiks (GUE/NGL).
That is the procedure.
The next financial framework must make the necessary resources available to fund the strategy.
Ultimately, I believe that Europe must send a message to the world that we need sustainable management.
Mr President, the 10-year Environment Action Programme has helped to increase the focus on the connection between the environment and health.
Let us make a real start on that one at Rio+20.
We want to strengthen European democracy.
We want to remind ourselves that we are a community of values.
But what are we actually celebrating when, in many cases, we do not defend European achievements resolutely enough, we do not agree on the European values once held in common, and we do not stand up for one another when real solidarity is needed?
We no longer have the resources.
It will also not help consumers if operators do not have enough money in future to invest in new, faster networks.
Vladko Todorov Panayotov (ALDE).
However, the new rules on roaming may remove the doubts of some of these people and show them that actually, the EU is able to put measures in place which benefit citizens and consumers.
So I would like to compliment Ms Niebler on her report and add my voice to her requests to publicise our achievement – we have reached agreement between all the political groups – and to publicise it in particular among the citizens, because this will help them understand what the European Union does for them.
Under the new rules, mobile users are empowered to pick the roaming provider right for their travel needs, separately from their domestic provider.
So this is a big step forward.
For these reasons, I thank the rapporteur, Ms Niebler, for her skill and her great capabilities at mediation, but most of all, for having attained the aims that have been achieved, given the importance of this issue.
Mr President, it is important that, in today’s debate on Lampedusa, we have again raised the immigration issues which the previous plenary addressed in the debate on the situation in Greece.
It is because international libel cases are a reality throughout our Member States.
This is precisely what the Islamists, whose organisation extends into even the smallest rural villages, have promised.
Last year, I had preparations stepped up for negotiations on deep and comprehensive free trade areas with the four WTO members undergoing democratic transition.
Mr President, the social changes that the Arab Spring has brought to the southern Mediterranean have, to some extent, changed the political landscape in this region.
Mr President, a lot of interesting remarks have been made and I have taken good note of them, but I am not going to respond to them in detail because the Members who put the questions are no longer here, so they cannot hear me.
It has been negotiated without any scrutiny by our group, the ALDE Group.
We must prevent this from happening.
Turkish expansionism is putting the European legal order at risk.
Putin is behaving like a self-proclaimed tsar, beating and arresting protesters who might cast a shadow over his crowning celebrations, and Yanukovych has turned to medieval practices of torturing political opponents.
Russia’s membership of the WTO carries significant importance for the EU as the Russian Federation is the EU’s largest trading partner in many sectors.
This situation represents the ease with which social media can invade many people’s privacy without them leaving their desks, but can also make the public more vulnerable.
In a democratic society, legal remedies must be available when these freedoms are abused and each Member State should ensure that such remedies exist and are effective where such rights are breached.
Today, technological development and the resultant boom in Internet use have given rise to new ways of infringing personality rights.
Every Member State must ensure that these remedies are available and effective in the event of infringement of these rights.
Inês Cristina Zuber (GUE/NGL), in writing.
One such regulation concerns quantitative limitations on imports of certain steel products, especially flat-rolled sheets, from Russia which have been in existence since 2007 (EC Regulation 1342/2007).
This balanced report, adopted by a large majority, introduces ambitious proposals with a view to strengthening Euro-Mediterranean relations: the ‘more for more’ approach linking the political and economic dimensions, the active participation of civil society, support for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), particularly through the European Investment Bank (EIB), the promotion of the European Neighbourhood Facility for Agriculture and Rural Development and regional integration.
I voted for the report on the EU trade and investment strategy for the Southern Mediterranean following the Arab Spring revolutions.
Today, I voted against the motion for a resolution on bio-patents.
Somali territorial waters and the adjacent coast are largely ungoverned, which allows piracy to flourish with impunity and affect the global maritime sector.
This is a very important issue affecting many of Europe’s seafarers, and I am glad the matter is being raised again by Parliament so that we push forward with more effective solutions for this issue.
They work on a daily basis to develop trade and global growth.
Making the OJ official and authentic will provide better public access to European Union legal acts, thereby increasing legal certainty and reducing access costs for citizens and businesses, since online consultation of an official and authentic version will always be free.
The reform will also increase legal certainty and reduce access costs for citizens and businesses.
I consider it unacceptable that the electronic version of the legislation is not legally binding.
Currently, almost everyone consults just the electronic form of EU legal acts.
I share Mr Bradbourn’s stance on the monopolisation of many regional airports by individual airlines and their isolation by the transport network.
So, hopefully, families and businesses across Europe will no longer face the prospect of being ripped off every time they use their phones abroad and return to find astronomical bills waiting on them.
There are 117 Luxembourg officials in total out of 5 540 posts…
The European Development Funds still constitute the EU’s main instrument for granting development aid to African, Caribbean and Pacific countries.
It is very important that, following reorganisation, the Court of Auditors has reduced the annual cost of security services by EUR 500 000, while ensuring more effective delivery of services and better risk control.
This aspect is crucial for avoiding future controversies like the one currently ongoing between Italy and India, and to defend the prerogatives of military personnel deployed in Operation Atalanta and as Vessel Protection Detachments (VPDs) on merchant vessels.
In the interests of enhanced transparency, it is important for declarations of financial interests of members of all institutions to be made accessible on the Internet, and to be updated regularly.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
Given the far-reaching change made to the organisation of the staff in 2010, the EDPS is encouraged to inform the European Parliament of the performance of its new staff.
In practice, the EDPS’s powers can be divided into three main areas: oversight, consultation and cooperation.
The same should be done for all persons in management positions in the agencies and for all experts and scientific guests.
However, I acknowledge Cedefop’s observations that the IAC functions are now covered either by external contractors – for example, an audit of Cedefop’s financial software (FIBUS) was contracted out and concluded in 2011 – or by internal project groups.
Given that the ECDC’s budget increased by 17.5% in 2010, the centre should make better use of the appropriations it is allocated.
The centre must address the high level of carryover, as they have a negative impact on the implementation of the budget and are at odds with the principle of annuality.
However, I agree with the rapporteur that the ECHA should comply with the recommendations made to it as regards granting discharge for 2009.
The Court of Auditors stated that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2010 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
I am voting for this report.
Therefore, I cannot agree with the content of this regulation, which could further compound the difficulties of our businesses.
Zigmantas Balčytis (S&D), in writing.
As regards imports of certain iron or steel fasteners from China, it has taken into account the fact that the Council’s Basic Anti-Dumping Regulation was inconsistent with certain provisions of the World Trade Organisation (WTO) Anti-Dumping Agreement.
I voted for this report, which emphasises that the foundation’s main activity involves contributing to the establishment of better living and working conditions by increasing and disseminating knowledge relevant to this subject through networks and surveys.
The regulation imposing anti-dumping measures shall specify the duty for each supplier or, if that is impracticable, the supplying country concerned.
Véronique Mathieu (PPE), in writing.
I supported the granting of discharge at both the Committee vote and the vote in plenary.
I voted for this report granting the Executive Director of the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking discharge in respect of the implementation of its budget for the financial year 2010.
I voted in favour of discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking for the financial year 2010 because discharge is granted to the Joint Undertaking’s Executive Director in respect of the implementation of the Joint Undertaking’s budget for 2010 and approval is given to the closure of its 2010 accounts.
It is the responsibility of the Court of Auditors to provide the discharge authority with follow-up information on the comments it has made for each of the joint undertakings in their respective reports on the annual accounts for the financial year 2011.
The discharge report notes that the financial audit was completed properly and that the inspection revealed no major deficiencies.
I voted in favour of discharge for the ‘Fuel Cells and Hydrogen’ (FCH) Joint Undertaking since the European Court of Auditors expressed no reservations regarding the reliability of its accounts or the legality and regularity of the underlying transactions.
We also need one-stop transparency: we need a single website that publishes all the beneficiaries of EU funds on the basis of standard categories of information to be supplied by all the Member States in at least one working language of the Union.
Since the single market should be a space operating, in the first place, in the interests of the consumer and not those of big business, I support the new measures put forward in the agreement because it seems to me that the time has finally come to remove the barriers to free competition and open the market to new operators.
It seeks to go further than the Commission and proposes a lower price ceiling for roaming voice services.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
thirdly, pre-financing;
Despite this, however, under one of the headings, a specific heading, the heading for fish markets, number 1102, had very little execution, for which the Commission gave some quite satisfactory explanations, but these do not suggest that there will be much change in the following years.
We are speaking about the agencies, which form an important part of the European institutional superstructure.
Finally, a few brief comments on the European Environment Agency.
Marta Andreasen, on behalf of the EFD Group.
Monika Hohlmeier (PPE).
We need clear rules.
We would request that this proposal be acted on.
I would say that there is a disproportionate political reaction between what is going on in the European agencies and what the rapporteur would like the actual situation to be.
Being responsible for budgetary control, Parliament cannot ignore these cases.
The Commission regrets the appointment of Ms Diána Bánáti as an executive director of the International Life of Science Institute, as that position is clearly incompatible with her role at the EU Food Safety Authority.
The case just mentioned by Commissioner Šemeta is one that once again throws some pertinent light on the situation.
An error level of 3.4% is limited but remains a source of concern for both this House and the Commission.
These positive results do not form an exception to the rule;
Today, we must therefore put things back on track together and make them more effective.
There must also be adequate implementation as well as cross-border synergy between various national administrations.
I expect the Commission to continue to ask our Canadian partners this question in the remaining rounds of negotiations, particularly in light of the forthcoming changes to Canadian migration legislation, of guaranteeing the principle of reciprocity and, of course, of the trade agreement being debated.
I would like to finish by thanking all the shadow rapporteurs who played a part in drafting this report, as well as the staff of the political groups and my personal assistant.
Mr President, I would like to join Ms Borsellino in fiercely condemning this weekend’s atrocities in Brindisi.
We are also preparing, for the end of this year, reforms of Cepol, Europol and Eurojust, which would – as you call for – improve the cooperation between police agencies, but also on a national level.
The Internet obviously provides a vital infrastructure, and its disruption could result in heavy losses and risks to citizens’ safety.
It is just as important to monitor consistency and coherence.
to the transport sector, on which vulnerable persons often still encounter difficulties when travelling;
Do not listen to those who will tell you that the only alternative is for Greece to stay in the euro.
Reinhard Bütikofer (Verts/ALE).
These reforms will cause some pain, but in the long run, they will bring in money instead of costing it.
Sooner rather than later, we need to tackle research and innovation, investment in infrastructure, utilising unspent European funds and the role of the European Investment Bank, including in relation to project bonds.
They were dramatically wrong because this euro crisis started with Greece, a country that has an economy representing only 2% of European GDP, but today we are facing another crisis with Spain, which is the fourth economy of the eurozone, and with Italy, the third economy of the eurozone.
I think this is nonsense.
This is particularly true in the Mediterranean.
I wholeheartedly welcome the position of the rapporteur who feels that the EU should not wait for the ICCAT initiatives but should adopt alone robust precautionary measures in keeping with the UN Fish Stocks Agreement.
President.
I fully support the initiative undertaken by the Commission to secure better investment rules and relations between the EU and China.
One of those is trade imbalance and this report deals with it well.
China is growing, with a GDP of 8%, exploiting its workers and producing in an unregulated fashion;
Thirdly, China accounts for 97% of the world production in commodities, and we know the problem in relation to rare earth exports.
the impotence of European trade policy;
Philippe De Backer, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
Bendt Bendtsen, on behalf of the PPE Group.
This is why creating new jobs in sectors such as energy, the construction of buildings, infrastructure and equipment, transport and communications provides economic development projects capable of reducing the regional imbalances and development inequalities in the European Union.
Zuzana Roithová (PPE), Blue-card question.
Here, I would like to mention the Criminal Procedure Code which has been adopted.
Mr Schulz, I hope you have noted the fact that I did not express a naïve hope, but that I called on the Commission to make it entirely clear how it intends to monitor the election process.
However, there is also much that I cannot support;
I believe that the current crisis must not pose an obstacle to creating this instrument, but quite the opposite.
I also welcome proposals to strengthen the links with international organisations, such as NATO, and to encourage Member States to communicate their security strategies.
All of this seems to me a denial of very real problems.
While the Treaty of Lisbon communitarised this matter, to the extent that the Treaty permits the EU to make use of it to strengthen the implementation of its policies, criminal law remains at the heart of national sovereignty and the diversity of national laws does not make the task easy.
In 2005, seven EU countries signed the Prüm Convention to share fingerprint, DNA and vehicle licence data, but under the German Presidency in 2008, these measures were subsumed into the police and judicial cooperation provisions of EU law.
It is crucial that any European criminal law legislation guarantees the rights afforded by the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the European Convention on Human Rights, while also respecting the different legal systems and traditions of each Member State.
It makes suggestions about, for example, strengthening pre-contractual and contractual information requirements, and a stronger right of withdrawal when the provider or seller has not, inter alia, made the relevant information available clearly and comprehensibly.
Instead, the decision must be made on the basis of each individual situation.
it is fundamental to define a framework to ensure the protection of consumers, above all, in situations of sectoral or temporary vulnerability, but with respect for their freedom and right to choose, and therefore this report has to be supported, which I did by my vote in favour.
It is a fact that banknotes appear to be more difficult to forge than coins;
Lastly, I wholeheartedly endorse the report’s recommendations on the Single Market Assistance Services.
Putting this body in place would be complex and would create uncertainty, as Commissioner Barnier said in his speech yesterday.
Although we use computers more and more, there are still people for whom human contact is important.
The Commission has also devoted considerable effort towards providing fast and efficient information portals to ensure that citizens and businesses are well-equipped to benefit from the single market.
In 2007, the Heads of State or Government focused on the objective of not exceeding a 1% transposition deficit.
Julie Girling (ECR).
According to the UN Women report, violence against women in Turkey is more common than in Europe and in the United States.
I also welcome the rise in the number of female members of the Turkish Parliament, from 9.1% in the 2007 elections to 14.3% following the 2011 elections.
Inês Cristina Zuber (GUE/NGL), in writing.
In this way, EU citizens will have the possibility of directly communicating the problems they consider important, and EU institutions will be able to respond directly and in various ways.
The main objective of this report is, quite rightly, to introduce the necessary amendments to Parliament’s Rules of Procedure to regulate organising and holding these hearings.
In Lithuania, organisers of citizens’ initiatives have to collect 300 000 signatures in three months (11.4% of the entire population).
I voted against paragraph 41.
the fight against cybercrime;
Vilija Blinkevičiūtė (S&D), in writing.
Syed Kamall (ECR), in writing.
That means having an exit strategy for countries such as Greece and others on how to re-introduce their own currencies and coins for circulation.
The current crisis in Guinea-Bissau clearly reveals once more an attempt by the military to get involved in civilian affairs and gain control of the political affairs of the country.
Indeed, these two forces are interconnected.
We are all, surely, in favour of Europe moving away from dumping waste in landfills.
I think we need to look more carefully at the causes here.
Does Mr Krahmer have information to suggest that the European Central Bank is printing too many euro?
We know that – in relative terms – Europe is more dependent on imported resources than other regions.
We obviously share the belief that we cannot rely on sustained growth without a transition to a more efficient use of natural resources.
As Olli Rehn said in his speech a day ago, if we had a silver bullet, we would already have fired it, but we do not have it so we have to work consistently and patiently.
Alternatively, what about the EUR 82 billion that has not been spent from the Structural Funds?
Perhaps, Commissioner, we should engage in a little self-criticism.
Everyone wants German pay, German hospitals and German pensions, but no one is concerned that they are not achieving German productivity.
In reply to Mr Alves, from Portugal, I recently received two state secretaries and if you contact my Chef de Cabinet, we can give you much more concrete information about our engagement with Portugal.
I would like to simply reiterate the fact that Parliament has already made its position regarding this tax very clear through several resolutions and decisions.
Thirdly, the Commission would not support the exemption of UCITS and pension funds.
I would particularly like to urge the Council to take seriously the voices of our citizens, of our electorate, and to work towards this actually being introduced and not to block the introduction of this tax because of the British position or other positions.
I am prepared to pay more taxes but they have to be fair and they have to be good taxes.
Mr President, from an ethical and moral standpoint, a measure that hits those who use financial speculation to get rich is certainly right and proper.
Therefore, let us make the right choice today, one which the citizens will welcome.
All these questions have been raised about the good intentions and good ideas behind this proposal, and we should reflect on them, naturally.
That would mean that the national contributions will be decreased, which, at the end of the day, would bring the entire revenue from the financial transaction tax to the national budgets.
Stricter and more effective measures need to be taken at international and EU level in order to bring about a marked improvement in maritime safety.
Sergio Paolo Francesco Silvestris (PPE), in writing.
Oil slicks due to oil tanker accidents, such as those involving the Erika in 1999 and the Prestige in 2002, result in the destruction of marine and coastal biodiversity and are justification enough for the accelerated phasing-in of design requirements for oil tankers.
Marie-Christine Vergiat (GUE/NGL), in writing.
I supported this report with my vote because I recognise the urgency of completing the agreement and consider the rapporteur’s proposal a positive one.
I voted against this report because I do not think that a financial transaction tax would be effective, except if it were applied across the whole of the EU.
José Manuel Fernandes (PPE), in writing.
I voted against the proposal for a Council directive on a common system of financial transaction tax as I believe this tax to be ill-considered and that it would only make the European Union’s enormous economic problems worse.
A common system for taxing financial transactions could provide much needed income at a time of economic austerity.
Nuno Melo (PPE), in writing.
In the past decade, there has been an increase in short-term transactions and highly speculative transactions in particular.
A particular feature of the transformation of the financial sector has been its detachment from the real economy.
I have long advocated this tax, even when it was politically incorrect, as during the 2009 electoral campaign.
On the other hand, the text calls for the tax to be better designed to ensure that more operators are subject to it and that tax avoidance is a low-return venture.
I agree with the rapporteur that China’s economic development and its accession to the WTO entail not only benefits but also the responsibility to play a positive role in the global economic order.
It is therefore very important to bring the provisions of the EU-China cooperation agreement into line with the current economic situation.
While, in the sphere of bilateral relations, it is inevitable that countries should define themselves in relation to the other, this is all the more true of China, whose internal tensions are intertwined with foreign and security policy, trade policy, energy policy and monetary policy.
The Chinese economy has grown significantly over the last 30 years.
China has declared publicly that it aims to become the largest power on the planet by the end of the century.
Every possible barrier is being put up against the European companies seeking an opportunity to enter the Chinese market, and extremely complex Chinese regulations and almost a total lack of transparency are making it impossible for European companies to participate in public procurement in China.
Peter Jahr (PPE).
Restrictions on rare earth exports, of which China accounts for 97% of world production, must be remedied.
Christine De Veyrac (PPE), in writing.
Justas Vincas Paleckis (S&D), in writing.
The right of inquiry is a very important element of a parliament’s supervisory powers.
Silvia-Adriana Ţicău (S&D), in writing.
Julie Girling (ECR).
The main objective of this report is to transpose into EU law the amendments set out by the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT), a multilateral organisation for the management of tuna fisheries, in its multiannual recovery plan for bluefin tuna stocks.
In November 2010, the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT) amended its multiannual recovery plan for the eastern stock of bluefin tuna.
This report favours the establishment of a financial transaction tax that will burden the financial sector with new taxes.
It also highlights the fact that in the EU there are occasions when the fundamental rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people are not always fully upheld, and it therefore calls on Member States to ensure that those people are protected from homophobic hate speech and violence, and to ensure that same-sex couples enjoy the same respect, dignity and protection as the rest of society.
For example, issues of marriage and the recognition of civil status documents are a matter of subsidiarity for Member States only.
Madam President, I voted in favour of this document and hope that the guidelines it contains are followed.
This includes protection from hate speech and violence, discrimination in schools, free movement in the European Union, and indeed we believe same-sex couples are better protected under the law if they have access to legal recognition.
We have added new mandatory contributions.
The accelerated degradation of the environment, the destruction of natural capital and the loss of biodiversity that we are condemning today are the result of the over-exploitation of natural resources.
We must make resource efficiency and sustainability a top priority in innovation programs both at European and at national level.
More broadly, the Commission aims to guarantee the transition to a low carbon, resource-efficient economy.
Madam President, I voted in favour of this motion for a resolution because youth unemployment is one of the most pressing economic problems of recent times.
By adopting today the Gerbrandy report on improving the use of natural resources, the European Parliament has sent out a clear message: the increasing scarcity of resources is a reality, but it is not inevitable.
In order to successfully face such challenges, Europe must invest in its youth population and put forward immediate and effective actions to prevent and combat the high levels of youth unemployment.
In Latvia, in 2011, 29.9% of young people were unemployed.
I wish to draw attention to the need of examining measures that hinder the functioning of the internal market within the EU.
According to Eurostat, there were more than 5.5 million unemployed young people in the European Union in March 2012, equivalent to an unemployment rate of 22.6%.
The causes of the pay gap are complex and multiple: direct and indirect discrimination, social and economic factors, undervaluing of women’s work, inequality in the balancing of work and private life, and traditions and stereotyping.
Moreover, the gender pay gap varies between 4.4% and 27.6%, a huge range that is cause for concern.
I have therefore voted in favour of Edit Bauer’s proposal.
Diogo Feio (PPE), in writing.
The Agreement on the free movement of persons concluded between Switzerland and the European Union in 1999 (henceforth referred to as ‘the Agreement’) provides for the possibility of imposing quotas on residence permits if, in a given year, the number of residence permits granted exceeds the average of the previous three years by at least 10%.
Under no circumstances can I accept that the EU forces third countries to adopt the very measures that have led us into this crisis.
Macro-financial assistance should include measures to improve the beneficiary countries’ commitment to common values with the Union, including democracy, the rule of law, good governance, respect for human rights, the fight against forced child labour, support for sustainable development and poverty reduction, as well as to the principles of open, rules-based and fair trade.
Financial assistance is predominantly aimed at funding the recommendations made by the IMF and its policy of structural adjustment;
I support the resolution.
The European Parliament must encourage the EU’s direct neighbours to incorporate the Community acquis on human rights, freedom of the press and democracy.
Strengthening the rule of law and an independent judiciary, as well as initiating a credible fight against corruption, are essential not only to the deepening of EU-Ukraine relations but also to the consolidation of democracy in Ukraine.
At the same time, however, the resolution does not make any call to boycott the Euro 2012 championship in Ukraine, in spite of the fact that several politicians have declared they will not participate in the celebrations.
This is the power of sport, to unite in diversity and this is the motto of the European Union, ‘United In Diversity’.
Please vote in favour of the resolution put forward by the progressive parties, because we support the International Commission on Human Rights but we do not criticise a country for something it has not yet done and, if it does so, it would be exercising its sovereignty.
Mr President, as part of these discussions on Venezuela’s decision to withdraw from an inter-American human rights organisation, I would like to draw Parliament’s attention to the fact that very important trade negotiations are currently under way between two trade blocks, the European Union and Mercosur, comprising Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay, and that Venezuela is a candidate for accession to Mercosur.
That it is politically biased, and has called the country to account much more over recent months than it had done, previously, over a period of 30 years, although the situation, according to Venezuela, has not deteriorated in any way.
Raül Romeva i Rueda, deputising for the author.
I think this discussion is very useful, but we must have another one, with a much wider scope, on precise criteria we apply to association agreements and suitable economic policies.
Véronique De Keyser (S&D), blue-card answer.
In China, several people who have helped North Korean refugees have been arrested and convicted.
Joanna Senyszyn, on behalf of the S&D Group.
(For the results and other details on the vote: see Minutes)
The question is how?
Women must have equal opportunity in the workplace.
According to a survey done for Slovenia, men have an average of 27 hours of free time a week while women have 21.
It is unbelievable that, even today, this gap is almost 28% in some EU Member States and, moreover, that it is still widening in many countries.
Madam President, it is sad that, even after many years of efforts made by the European Parliament, there is still discrimination in many EU States against the fairer sex in employment relations.
I expect the Commission to come here and say, “We have a problem and I am going to do my utmost to ensure that the European Union does not let itself split from other countries and allow other countries to exploit this chasm.”
Mr President, Switzerland is a sovereign state and has had the sense to avoid becoming a member of the EU Soviet.
The second, related to access to economic activity, we are putting today to our European neighbour, Switzerland, which has decided to re-establish quantitative limitations on the long-term residence permits granted to nationals of the eight EU Member States which joined the EU in 2004, including my own country, Latvia.
That is the legislative procedure overseen in this House by Mr Coelho, as rapporteur.
We do need to make that absolutely crystal clear as part of the scoping exercise before we begin negotiations.
Andrew Henry William Brons (NI).
Jarosław Leszek Wałęsa, on behalf of the PPE Group.
There are, of course, some disappointments, but I will reserve those for another day.
In agreements such as this, no one is ever 100% satisfied.
The compromise found with the Council does not resolve this issue and that is why I call upon my colleagues to vote in favour of the three amendments that will be tabled on this text.
In that connection, we have incorporated appropriate safety nets in those areas in which there is a competitive environment for our industrial products, so that we can very confidently say that we are granting unilateral advantages without jeopardising any jobs within the European Union.
Why, then, has the Commission removed this criterion?
Here, too, we in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance have tabled an amendment, which I hope will meet with a great deal of support.
We do this with constant echoes in all our resolutions;
Eighteen of them were carried out only in English.
The Commission has so far offered 23 public consultations.
At the same time, the Serbian Parliament parties need to get their act together and form an efficient government soon.
A German cushion in the form of eurobonds does not amount to a rejection, but a condition.
Arkadiusz Tomasz Bratkowski (PPE).
This means that shale gas is a great opportunity for Europe and Poland.
Mr President, I would first of all like to congratulate Mr Cortés Lastra on his excellent report.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in connection with the report just presented, I would like to say a few words about the role and importance of human rights in the bilateral relations of the EU.
This was also mentioned by Ms Harkin in her speech.
The report under discussion leaves no room for doubt – the EU powers that be have done all they can for energy prices to rise.
The European Union and the High Representative undertake very many initiatives in the area of protecting and promoting human rights.
During my visit last week to Pakistan, I raised the issues of the need to protect and promote the rights of women, to abolish the death penalty and to make good on the promise of legislative changes.
In terms of the representations that honourable Members have made about the issues and countries of greatest concern, I have taken note of all of them.
Adopting a multilateral legal instrument will allow higher standards to be applied and ensure greater transparency in this area.
This also contradicts the existing practice in the EU, where NGOs and think tanks cooperate freely with EU working groups.
I do not think that the changes that have taken place in the region are going to provide Israel with a more favourable context in future for resuming the negotiations.
Graham Watson (ALDE).
This is evident in the volume of trade between Russia and Syria, which has risen from USD 220 million to USD 2 billion a year over the last five years.
Syria is being martyred while barbarity is invited to the table of a regime clinging on to power.
I join Mr Millán Mon, Commissioner, in asking: what resources do we have, how can we force its hand so that the European Union finally invests more in preventive diplomacy and brings to bear all its influence to reduce the risk of war spreading across the region – and I am thinking, obviously, about Lebanon?
It must be made obvious to his followers that they should distance themselves from him if they want to have a future, so that a peaceful solution can be reached within Syria, which is not possible with Assad in place.
Can the Vice-President encourage Arab states to pay more, perhaps by the incentive of bringing the Arab League into the otherwise ineffective Quartet?
She quite rightly points to the EU humanitarian aid that has been given to Syria and I look forward to a time when she comes back to this House and explains to us how it has been administered and how she has monitored its effectiveness.
The mutiny by some elements in the Congolese armed forces – effectively, former rebels returning to the bush – has caused renewed fighting in the Kivus.
The declaration that was made a few days ago is a clear sign that we want to continue to play a constructive role as a regional actor in the Great Lakes.
I am thinking here, in particular, about training specialists in such areas as medicine, land reclamation or geology.
Some of them are absolutely reasonable and right, but you did not mention two major issues that were contained in my report: firstly, the issue of the peace process.
It is Putin’s.
It did so because this institution, together with the Commission – and I would like to add my thanks to the Commissioner – has always been the institution that has defended the European accomplishment that is freedom of movement.
This Parliament does not want to take notice of the problems caused by cross-border crime.
That fairytale does not exist and that is why we need to resolutely persevere.
It is assumed that an attempt will be made to include the content of the Fiscal Compact in EU secondary legislation.
Therefore, one of the most important provisions of Hungary’s new Basic Law is the incorporation of budgetary limits.
This is why I call on all Members of this Parliament who believe in the European project to vote in favour not only of the two reports, but also of the European Redemption Fund.
I think it is vital for us to find out how widespread volunteering is in areas such as cultural heritage, the environment and sport, and to make sure that in European tenders, the work of voluntary associations can be considered as a form of cofinancing for the purposes of being eligible for such tenders.
I also agree with the rapporteur that this would not help to solve our current problems, but merely put them off to a later date.
I voted for draft amending budget (DAB) No 2 for the year 2012 which covers the mobilisation of the EU Solidarity Fund for an amount of EUR 18 061 682 in commitment and payment appropriations relating to flooding in Italy (Liguria and Tuscany) in October 2011.
To this end, I consider three initiatives proposed in the report to be key: the establishment of a centralised portal on volunteering, the creation of a European Humanitarian Aid Corps and the development of a European Skills Passport.
The application meets all the eligibility criteria set out in Regulation (EC) No 2012/2002.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
When it comes to natural disasters that have claimed victims and destroyed entire towns considered to be ‘tourist gems’, the time used to decide on the procedures and to determine the amount of aid is always too long, though we should acknowledge that both the Italian authorities and the bodies of the various European institutions acted without delay.
The living conditions of the citizens in these regions will thus be returned to normal and economic activity, such as tourism, will be able to resume.
It is my hope that through such strategies, we can continue to nurture and grow our volunteering sector, making it easier for people to contribute their time and views to create the kind of society in which we all want to live.
Syed Kamall (ECR).
While the agreement with Latin America is not perfect – as there are a few points that could have been changed – overall, it is an agreement worthy of support.
The need for volunteers also arises, unfortunately, from the natural and environmental disasters that frequently afflict Europe and often have an impact on several Member States at the same time.
Nevertheless, I would like to point out that volunteering must not be an alternative to regular, paid work and must not constitute a reason for the governments of Member States failing to fulfil their social obligations.
Jan Kozłowski (PPE), in writing.
There are currently 100 million European citizens working in voluntary activities;
People of all ages are active as volunteers, whether in the social sphere or in sport, and they often fail to reflect on the value ​​that their work generates.
José Manuel Fernandes (PPE), in writing.
I therefore agree with the report in that we need to devote greater attention to this and we need to pool common EU forces and promote cross-border cooperation, ensuring the protection of critical infrastructure – not just physically but in computer networks.
Updates in European legislation also need to keep pace with technology, which is only possible if the various Member States cooperate fully.
The objective is to improve the protection and knowledge of security breaches in specific sectors of the European economy.
Moreover, it advocates coordinated positions in international forums under the aegis of the promotion of ‘core values’, in which NATO, the United Nations and the World Bank are involved, among others.
Therefore, I think that the European Union and Member States need to step up their efforts in this area to achieve an effective, dynamic level of research activity.
It will also be in a better position to influence the prices offered and, as a result, defend more successfully the interests of its consumers.
I voted in favour because today, energy has become a strong weapon of foreign policy.
As such, we must focus on a true common energy policy.
Søren Bo Søndergaard (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The aim of mobilising funds must also be to coordinate measures, based on a sufficient evaluation of needs.
Madam President, first of all, I would like to offer my sincere congratulations to the rapporteur for his very good work on this report.
who will be able to live up to the role of Special Representative in this initial period.
We have to use opportunities offered by the UN at the global level to strengthen our foreign policy and achieve its goals more effectively.
Taking into account the EU’s support for the ‘Education for All’ initiative and its commitment to playing a role in global health, 20% of all EU assistance needs to be earmarked for basic social services, with a special focus on free, universal access to primary health care and education.
This will allow us to ensure that it is developing countries truly in need that can enjoy preferential treatment.
I think that the aim of this key trade instrument – the generalised scheme of tariff preferences – must be to enable developing countries to participate more fully in international trade, thereby generating additional export revenue to support income growth and the implementation of their own sustainable development and poverty reduction policy strategies.
On this path, we now need everything we can obtain to take us towards greater joint responsibility.
We need to make it clear to the citizens of Europe that we must all consider it important that the clear rules on budgetary discipline are respected, but also that initiatives are taken to promote growth.
Like the Ferreira report on the other component of this ‘two-pack’, this report also proposes several amendments to setting out that, ‘in defining and implementing its policies and actions, the Union is to take into account requirements linked to the promotion of a high level of employment’.
I agree that the Member States must comply with the Stability and Growth Pact (SGP) and improve coordination of their fiscal policies.
However, participation in such a fund must be associated with clear and strict rules, such as were contained in the proposal made by the German Council of Economic Experts to the German Government in autumn 2011.
The wording alone, which states that ‘the enforcement of budgetary surveillance should always be subject to overarching objectives of the EU and, in particular, to the requirements of Article 9 TFEU related to the promotion of a high level of employment, the guarantee of adequate social protection’, expressly bears witness to the fact that, right from the outset, there has been no consideration of this whatsoever.
I supported the adoption of this text, which authorises our European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) to help our Mediterranean neighbours to rebuild their economies, and thus their democracies.
The task of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) has so far been to provide the countries of Central and Eastern Europe and those in the Commonwealth of Independent States with financial support as they move towards a free market economy with private and entrepreneurial activity, focusing on the promotion of competition, privatisation and entrepreneurship.
Despite this, I would like to send my most heartfelt hopes to the Spanish people.
That was clearly to be seen in the debate we had in the EPP Group last night, and again today in what my colleagues said.
Part IV, entitled ‘Organisation and structure of the financial framework: A structure to reflect priorities’, mentions the structure of the next MFF, which should ‘facilitate both planning continuity and flexibility within and between headings, and avoid the failures of the current MFF, particularly with regard to shortfalls in subheading 1a ‘Competitiveness for Growth and Employment’, subheading 3b ‘Citizenship’ and heading 4 ‘External relations’’.
It praises the EU budget and its priorities, which we rejected and to which we proposed alternatives.
more solidarity.
What we do not need is to reduce the Member States’ contributions to the European budget.
Japan is in an exceptional economic situation: public debt is almost twice as high as GDP, but this is almost exclusively internal debt.
To that end, a group was created to define the scope, so as to assess the shared understanding on the scope and level of ambition of potential EU-Japan trade negotiations.
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
We are pleased that the paragraph we proposed on rejecting ‘any outside attempts to exploit the present situation and hence to undermine the sovereignty of Guinea-Bissau’s people and the territorial integrity and independence of Guinea-Bissau’ has been included.
I voted for this resolution, which expresses its deep concern at the humanitarian situation created by the fighting between Sudan and South Sudan, and the continued fighting in the states of Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile in Sudan, and strongly condemns all acts of violence committed against civilians in violation of international humanitarian law and human rights law.
It is important now that we have an openness of approach and that we try to reach a full FTA with Japan, in the interests of our own economy, in the interests of their economy and in the interests of democracy.
While the appointment of the European Union Special Representative (EUSR) for Human Rights and the establishment of his/her mandate is formally a Council decision based on a proposal by the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, I voted for this recommendation because I believe the EUSR should act and speak on behalf of the EU, reflecting the shared and indivisible responsibility of all EU institutions and Member States to protect and promote human rights worldwide.
I should also like to express my desire for Parliament to play ‘its role’ in the appointment procedure and the oversight of the mandate of the representative during his/her entire term.
The mandate should be flexible, strong and ensure independence in order to act swiftly and decisively to promote democracy, the rule of law, international justice and international humanitarian law worldwide.
We have to make sure that the new Special Representative does not become another passive bureaucrat.
The DRC deserves a better future.
The creation of internationally agreed standards to ensure that conventional weapons are only imported, exported and transferred for appropriate use would, I believe, have a very positive impact.
It is currently chaired by the Portuguese Dr Vítor Caldeira.
But what do governments and what do institutions such as the EU do?
Vito Bonsignore (PPE), in writing.
We shall not succeed collectively if, in the Member States, we feel that there is a diktat drawn up in Brussels which ignores the political realities of our countries.
It also advocated cutting unemployment benefit, in a country where unemployment has hit historic levels because of the policies imposed by the European Union and the IMF;
I would like to end by joining the call for consistent transposition of the regulations.
In this area, however, it has been announced anyway that we will receive a specific proposal from the European Commission in the foreseeable future.
This plan will cover our thinking on the future of company law and also our current work on corporate governance.
A first initiative will involve non-financial transparency of companies, with a key element being the obligation on companies to make known their diversity policy on management boards.
Cecilia Wikström, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Lately, Parliament has been waiting, with some impatience, for a legislative proposal to set out the measures to facilitate companies’ cross-border mobility.
Thomas Händel (GUE/NGL).
The economy in my country, Portugal, is suffering an unprecedented contraction, and unemployment among men, women and young people is reaching historic levels.
Over the course of the debate, my colleagues will go into more detail.
If you look at how wages or the role of demand is put forward in the employment package, or to give another example, the role of employment governance in the EU with the involvement of the social partners, I believe these open up new opportunities and the capacity to focus better on all levels and more efficiently on job creation and quality jobs.
The size of the reallocation exercise is close to half a billion euro, and this is not for the entire country but just for one of the regions where the situation is most serious.
Referring in its communication of 19 April on employment to the importance of the minimum wage and decent working conditions, the Commission distances itself from the austerity strategy and deregulation of the labour market which certain European states continue to pursue.
These touch on a number of key areas, including youth employment and unemployment, education, training, skills development and labour movement, to name but a few.
In the context of decentralised cooperation, I had the opportunity to work with associations in Africa and came face to face with the reality of female genital mutilation, about which Ms De Keyser has just spoken.
The mutilations are, at last, considered a blight, a form of child abuse, a violation of human rights, and a form of gender-based violence.
Now, we are told, ‘All right, if you have own resources, we will give all these resources back to the Member States’.
It does not in any way prejudge the size of the budget or decision-making procedures for those instruments, nor does it prejudge the expenditure level for the headings in which some of those instruments are included.
In that case, we must raise taxes and ask the citizens to pay up once again.
That would help the consolidation of the national budgets so we would very much insist on what …
It has provided stability in times of crisis, but also flexibility in times of need.
Decisions of historic dimension need to be prepared, and the citizens need to be involved in the debate.
this money has been lent.
Göran Färm (S&D).
I want to go beyond economics because on that, nearly everything has been said.
The MFF gives us the chance to completely reassess how the EU spends its money and how we prioritise spending for creating jobs and growth.
They had established small businesses, created start-ups.
I hope the Council can live with it too.
The European economy as a whole and the economies of some Member States are slowing down, which is why we should pay increasing attention to growth, competitiveness and development.
The creation of new, green jobs is important as well.
We need an economic union in the eurozone;
Meanwhile, the way the financial crisis is continuing to get worse requires action which will have an immediate effect, because the crisis of confidence and pressure from the market are today seriously impairing the Member States’ ability to refinance their debt.
Philippe Juvin (PPE), in writing.
Such accidents, like the pink sludge spill in Hungary in 2010, must be prevented in order to contain the adverse consequences for man and the environment.
The aim is not only to allow them healthy growth but also to provide parents and professionals with the correct information on these products more easily, particularly regarding products for special medical purposes, such as gluten-free foods designed for coeliacs.
Thirdly, of course, we do not need excessive information.
Otherwise, I would say with regard to this report that, as far as coeliac foods are concerned, coeliac products could have been dealt with separately in their own report, although in this context they obviously fit in, as the legislation obviously now needs to be updated in this respect.
While Member States may decide to further restrict advertising, an EU-wide ban on advertising infant formula and follow-on formula, with the exception of the magazines I mentioned, is not proportionate.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Adam Bielan (ECR).
The resolution also calls on the Commission to adopt, by the end of 2012, the levers to boost growth and strengthen confidence in Europe.
It is also important to foster research and innovation and to make better use of available EU funds to support projects which stimulate economic growth.
For example, Directive 2006/123/EC on services in the internal market has been in force since 2009.
In keeping with the Employment Package presented by the Commission in mid April, Parliament wanted to encourage investment in the green economy, health and new technologies sectors, whilst welcoming the proposals on the commitment to ‘setting decent minimum wages to fight poverty and social dumping and creating a European Youth Guarantee’.
Philippe Juvin (PPE), in writing.
Growth needs to be facilitated by removing excessive regulation, not by adding more regulations.
I supported the motion for a resolution ‘Towards a job-rich recovery’, as I think it is important to devote attention to fulfilling the substance of the employment objectives set in the EU 2020 strategy for achieving smart, sustainable and inclusive economic growth.
A huge majority have just now voted in favour of this report: 593 in favour out of a total of 610 who voted.
This resolution supports that position, which we have rejected by voting against.
The exchange of information between national authorities on the adverse effects of medical devices and their withdrawal from the market may improve the current framework through rapid response at national level and mitigating the impact on patients.
It is therefore intended that the Member States step up their cooperation within the existing legal framework, in particular in the fields of market surveillance, vigilance and inspection, and to tighten controls, in order to provide a better guarantee of safety of patients, especially those exposed to high-risk medical devices.
With an estimated 140 million women and girls worldwide living with the terrible consequences of female genital mutilation, and at least half a million of them in Europe –including, sadly, many in my own region of London – this is a huge issue.
I also think that the new provisions should be clearer, consistent and easily understandable, in order to contribute to the streamlining of administrative procedures.
Parliament has adopted the third version of the Seveso Directive, named after the Italian village affected by a dioxin cloud following an accident in a chemical factory in 1976.
Oldřich Vlasák (ECR), Blue-card answer.
It is also alarming that the Moroccan authorities have for 30 years denied non-governmental organisations monitoring human rights entry into the territory of the Western Sahara, and made it difficult for residents to access water, education and basic information.
Charles Tannock (ECR).
In addition, such a transfer would guarantee that the existing rules would also apply to non-prepacked foods and would consequently offer higher and broader protection to coeliacs.
We will come back to them.
Pesticides for which the highest acceptable residue levels were approved in the directives adopted in 2006 and which do not comply with safety criteria should be categorically withdrawn from the market and should not be used in the production of food covered by the regulation under discussion.
Mr President, on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats), I would like to support the line taken by the rapporteur and also offer our sincere thanks for her work.
It is very good that you should be made aware of the problems of milk producers.
Indeed, perhaps you can clarify for us Ireland’s plans for increasing milk production over the coming years, Ms McGuinness, as it will be one of the countries with most to gain from the abolition of the quota system.
Thirdly, the world population is seven billion as of now, and expected to rise to nine billion over the next 20 or 30 years.
We cannot have a situation where milk producers and processors have to pay premiums and listing discounts and payments are delayed by periods of up to 100 days.
The Commission has still failed to provide an answer in this regard.
Why should we discuss large structures if we do not yet even have an authority that can say ‘company x must be given proper access to the market’ – something that is still not the case in many Member States.
and, secondly, on moving definitions from the current annex into the main body of the legislation.
The threshold should therefore be better defined in a delegated act.
However, the bulk of counterfeiting and piracy with which customs occupies itself does not relate to patent disputes but to very fundamental issues.
Marina Yannakoudakis (ECR).
We have tools that we must develop and harmonise, but above all, we have objectives that we must meet without delay.
This was the case some time ago when the debates took place on the introduction of mandatory safety belts.
As regards some of the concrete proposals in Parliament’s report, I note, in particular, the call for a European observatory for foreign direct investment and the urge for improved international regulatory cooperation.
Therefore, everything is in our hands.
I firmly believe that if we managed to overcome visa restrictions, many Ukrainians would be willing to travel to southern Europe or to Spain, Greece and Italy, and would be delighted to get to know these parts of Europe as tourists.
three partners with whom DCFTA negotiations have been launched.
The negotiations advanced well, thanks to the thorough preparatory process carried out over the past years.
At the same time, they can ensure a better cooperation between regional programmes and the objectives of the 2020 Europe strategy.
Mr Tarabella wants to know why I did not ask for the Court of Justice’s opinion earlier.
Madam President, Mr Fjellner, now I am disappointed.
For our continent lacking in natural resources, the successful protection of this type of property is crucially important to the prosperity of all Europeans.
In practice, therefore, legislation in this field is finally being used.
ACTA is the wrong instrument for this and, therefore, we in the S&D Group will be voting against it.
it is a non-resolution.
Marielle Gallo (PPE), Blue-card answer.
They will be resolved in a completely different way, including by changing business models.
Tomorrow, Parliament will decide democratically what it is going to do with the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement, and the decision will be made with a majority.
However, I want to recall one point, a passage from the Council’s conclusions, which we wish to include in our report for tomorrow’s vote, via an oral amendment in which the Council states that the EU will continue to do everything required to bring Europe back on the road to smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
It seems clear that such a manifestation of political will has to be followed up by active commitment on the part of all Member States to do whatever is needed to achieve such goals, restoring public confidence and giving fresh impetus to growth.
Madam President, the only response of governments in Europe to the needs of their peoples has been austerity.
on the contrary, this field should be reinforced, for example, through support from the EIB.
No tangible progress in the resumption of negotiations, much less on the continued expansion of settlements in East Jerusalem, much less with regard – apart from some modest progress – to the Gaza blockade.
Its Protocol 5 defines measures and rules on mutual assistance between administrative authorities on customs matters.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would be pleased if we could finally make some progress with this dossier.
This point should therefore be clear.
I have not forgotten that some Member States, such as Belgium, Italy and others, have indeed taken action, but we can clearly see that, for many other Member States, a binding legislative act is needed.
It is true that there are one or two detailed issues that still need discussing, but I feel that we were able to work together very constructively across all the groups in the compromise negotiations.
The principle of reasonable cost should therefore not stop providers from innovating and proposing diversified forms of basic payment accounts, within our common standards of course.
I welcome the solution identified by Parliament and the Council, and particularly the transfer from Pillar 1 to Pillar 2.
Can I add my words and say how deeply dissatisfied we are with the Pillar 2 amount that is awarded to us, because it is restricting us in carrying out real good projects and works, and I hope the CAP reform and the multiannual financial framework negotiations with the UK will receive a fair share.
This dossier is indicative of several things.
The urgency was dictated by the imminent reform of the common agricultural policy, which we would not have wished to be encumbered by complex negotiations on institutional issues.
Following the vote within the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development (AGRI), Parliament must reaffirm the power conferred on us by the Treaty, which is only fair when we are talking about the only integrated policy of the European Union – which has been in place for 50 years, as this year is its anniversary – which still accounts today for close to 40% of the EU budget.
Article 290 states that delegated acts are applied to supplement or amend certain non-essential elements of the legislative act.
Now they have separate birthdays, now we have two reasons to celebrate – so that is some kind of progress.
If we seek to ensure solidarity, growth and prosperity, we must seek it together through common solutions to common problems.
Important progress has been achieved during the past six months of the Danish Council Presidency.
I will miss you;
Since this is a transnational system with a direct impact on Europe’s citizens, it would have been preferable, in the post-Lisbon era, for Parliament not to be deliberately excluded from making such important decisions.
I believe that this is possible, but it is only possible if we are committed to doing it together.
Of course, we wanted more – they also wanted more – but again, there were a few countries that prevented us from taking a really big step forward with this.
Now the people of Europe are drifting around in the cold water in the hope that you, who sunk their ship, will come and save them.
I am willing to bet that you will be a candidate for both posts.
We need reforms in our Member States and collective action at the level of the EU and the eurozone.
The agreements of Thursday and Friday are steps in the right direction.
With EUR 120 billion having been mobilised within the framework of the Growth and Employment Pact, and EUR 10 billion of recapitalisation from the European Investment Bank (EIB), these will allow bonds to be issued for the purpose of financing projects.
It is my intention to talk in October mainly about what can be implemented from the existing treaties.
There is not even a forecast for the size of the European budget.
Hope, Mr President, that we can now work on a road map with just as much ambition, conviction and dynamism towards genuine economic and monetary union and a strong European Union, because we need both.
I do not think that we should ask any Member State to carry an undue burden and, where there is responsibility, there must be solidarity.
What we need right now are the skills of a fisherman, not of a publicist.
Secondly, the growth stimulus package is fine, but we are not reinventing the policies on growth.
Zofija Mazej Kukovič (PPE).
But let me remind you that a number of very important proposals are already on the table.
I have to disappoint some of you.
Maybe this is because there are too many political forces which say one thing in Strasbourg and something else in the capitals of our Member States.
sometimes, this is not a matter of differences between the North and the South – sometimes you find these differences in the very same country.
Among other things, it was decided that Italian bonds will be bought using European rescue funds, but without the application of rigorous monitoring programmes.
No taxation without representation.
Implementing a well-devised macro-regional strategy offers a number of benefits, including coordinated investments and greater involvement from the EU’s intervention mechanisms.
I also support the initiative to develop a macro-regional strategy in the Mediterranean.
Finally, macro-regional strategies enable the establishment of fruitful and constructive relations in EU Neighbourhood Policy, the exchange of good practices and progress built on territorial-based development.
This report, which I voted in favour of, is a move in that direction and places particular emphasis on the geographical area of the Mediterranean, by proposing, among other things, a clearer macro-regional mechanism than the existing mechanisms, the creation of which is something that our country should pursue, as it harbours important opportunities for economic growth and job creation.
I voted in favour of the report on the evolution of EU macro-regional strategies: present practice and future prospects, especially in the Mediterranean, because I think that macro-regions provide a framework that is conducive to pooling existing initiatives and optimising the use of resources.
Parliament’s own-initiative report mentions the status of the current macro-regional strategies, such as the EU strategy for the Baltic Sea and for the Danube region, identifies the priority areas for future macro-regional strategies, and makes recommendations for an EU macro-regional strategy for the Mediterranean.
The major areas of intervention should include energy grids, scientific cooperation and innovation, cultural networks, education and training, tourism, trade, environmental protection, sustainable maritime transport, maritime security and safety and the protection of the marine environment against pollution, overfishing and illegal fishing, strengthening of good governance and effective public administration for encouraging job creation.
More important still is the proposal’s final aim, which is the opening of the domestic rail passenger market and the separation of transport operation management infrastructure, which would undoubtedly not only bring everyone in Europe closer together, but also consolidate the principle of freedom of movement for people in Europe.
But the United Kingdom is a large island with only one rail connection with continental Europe and it has no road connections at all.
To give an example, the Adriatic-Ionian macro-region involves eight EU and non-EU countries, has the added value of focusing attention on the western Balkans and helping pre-accession countries join the European Union, gives the regions a chance to promote themselves, and speeds up the European integration process.
Transparent rules on access to rail-related services and service infrastructures (freight terminals, maintenance facilities, train formation facilities and so on) are crucial to the sector’s competitiveness.
Finally, providing non-discriminatory access to various services and infrastructures, such as freight terminals, should be promoted.
The EU has also developed a comprehensive policy on inspecting and checking compliance with social road transport legislation.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
Maria do Céu Patrão Neves (PPE), in writing.
I would like to thank the rapporteur for the work she has done on this proposal for a regulation, and confirm that I voted for the report, with a view to improving road safety and drivers’ working conditions.
It is precisely this second aspect that I feel has not been given anywhere near sufficient consideration in this report.
In addition, directives to regulate the inspection to be performed by Member States and the use of analogue and digital tachographs are also in force.
Counterfeit and pirated goods continue to pass through our external borders too often and pose a threat to European businesses and growth.
The economic and financial crisis has reinforced the need for a strong commitment to economic growth and job creation.
This new text strengthens procedures enabling customs authorities to prevent the movement of goods which they suspect of infringing intellectual property rights.
The rate of implementation of the WFD has been slow across European countries and regions, with highly diversified results.
It also proposes measures to ensure that everyone can use this ‘public and essential asset’ better and more efficiently.
It is necessary for individual local entities to be involved in water management decision-making processes so that the solutions can reflect the specific needs of each individual community.
Silvia-Adriana Ţicău (S&D), in writing.
I support the introduction of a mandatory electronic system of emergency – eCall – in all new car models.
José Manuel Fernandes (PPE), in writing.
There are still huge signal black spots at cross border areas and areas with low population density where this system is promoted as being most needed.
At a time when the new technologies are proving to be a major factor in improving road safety, I voted in favour of this report.
I endorsed this report.
Constance Le Grip (PPE) , in writing.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
Barbara Matera (PPE), in writing.
The report that we adopted today, and which I willingly supported, provides for the introduction of an automatic alarm system: when installed in a vehicle that has been involved in an accident, eCall will, in fact, send an alert concerning the event by making an encoded emergency call to the 112 number, which has now become the single European number for emergencies, valid, that is, in all Member States.
eCall is a mechanism to trigger automatically an emergency call in the event of a severe road accident.
A comprehensive common policy on investment should be developed that can provide investors with greater legal certainty and a predictable and stable framework that is fair and properly regulated.
I welcome the result of today’s vote on the report on the trade aspects of the Eastern partnership.
We need to continue our negotiations with the Eastern partners and open up new economic possibilities for their citizens.
In my opinion, we should make good use of the fact that the Union is the main export partner of the Eastern partnership countries.
Ewald Stadler (NI).
No sensible person would have any fundamental objection to an eCall system which, in the event of a serious accident, automatically notifies the emergency services.
Erasmus and Leonardo da Vinci programmes with a Euro-Mediterranean focus will provide those areas with a further opportunity for growth and enable many young people to develop work there.
The amendment of the directive is also important in connection with the European Commission’s proposal of 19 January to take the creation, on 1 January 2011, of the new supervisory system for insurance – the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) – into consideration in drafting legislation.
Aldo Patriciello (PPE), in writing.
Silvia-Adriana Ţicău (S&D).
He is not a fan of freedom, he is not a fan of participation or of national democracy.
It is also correctly anticipated that in future the number of cases submitted to the Court of Justice of the European Union for consideration will grow due to legislative changes.
Vytautas Landsbergis (PPE).
That is the goal.
This would demonstrate the Union’s credibility in the region.
Mr President, Minister, over the last year and a half I have had the pleasure of working on a report for the European Parliament concerning an association agreement between the European Union and Georgia.
The High Representative will attend the meeting with an expected number of up to 100 countries.
And in that respect I welcome the restraint in Turkey’s response – despite the clear provocation by Syria in shooting down the fighter jet and killing the air force pilots.
Now we have to concentrate on the next parliamentary elections, to try to support the liberal and secular parties in order to avoid a new crushing victory by the Islamists, especially their Salafist branch.
In this context the announced intention of President Morsi to appoint an inclusive cabinet representative of all forces in Egypt is a very welcome development.
Women must be listened to and their demands heard.
You are right to highlight that the problem of your Presidency is the plight of workers.
In Athens you will find graffiti that says: let us refuse to live as slaves.
The Presidency is a Union institution and for six months it is not the country with which Turkey may have any bilateral differences.
For instance, when the Council says: ‘we want a budget union’, it then fights tooth and nail against a serious budget with own resources for its own Commission.
Finally, before wishing you every success, I too wish to take my turn in underlining the unacceptable stand taken by a candidate country, namely Turkey, towards the Cypriot Presidency in its statements and circulars about freezing relations between Turkey and this Presidency.
I replied that we will support Cyprus precisely because the president is a Communist, who has been democratically elected by his people, since democracy is the core value of a Europe that is proud of its democratically elected presidents.
Cyprus is assuming the Presidency of the Council at a time of great importance for the European Union over the next few years.
Monika Flašíková-Beňová (S&D), in writing.
In order to stabilise the markets and provide the population in agricultural areas with a fair standard of living, a system was devised for supporting prices, differentiated according to sectors, along with the introduction of direct support schemes.
The amendments relating to the expenditure to be financed by the EAGF and the recovery procedure constitute a simplification in that they replace two Council regulations and result in a decrease in the administrative tasks incumbent on Member States.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
Therefore, the regulation on the scrutiny carried out by Member States of transactions forming part of the system of financing by the European Agricultural Guarantee Fund also needs to be modified appropriately.
Diogo Feio (PPE), in writing.
they will also improve the business environment – not least as regards non-discrimination and free competition – for EU exporters and investors already working with Russia.
It also grants preferential access to employees of European service companies going to work in Russia with a view to starting up a business there.
Officially, in a large number of service areas, Russia has also undertaken to reduce market access restrictions and put an end to almost all national preferential treatment, so as not to discriminate against foreign operators.
However, the Russian understanding is that the list in the schedule does not preclude any new or additional export duties on any raw materials not included therein.
This is not just common sense;
I am committed to offering innovators and rights-holders appropriate protection – indeed, a resolution I voted for in November 2010 highlighted this very point – however, we must also have appropriate safeguards to guarantee citizens’ privacy and fundamental rights.
I voted resolutely against the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) because the Agreement contained too many uncertainties and posed too many serious risks to the fundamental rights of Europeans.
Although I understand those concerns, I regret that they were exploited politically.
It is for this reason that dictatorial regimes around the world fear it so and try to limit its advance.
I acknowledge that some articles require more precise wording, for example, in the definition of an offence involving an act on a commercial scale or the definition of a wilful act.
The populist arguments about respect for privacy and disclosure of information, however, only confirm my belief that they are not based on a full understanding of the text of the Agreement.
I agree with the solution contained in the report and therefore I voted in favour of Mr Capoulas Santos’s proposal, because I think we need to maintain the current financial structure for 2013 in order to ensure continued levels of payments and to support agricultural development in an effective way.
I decided to abstain from the vote on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) for two reasons.
The agreement could also compromise the export of generic medicines to poorer countries.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
In addition to supervising legislation effectively, the Member States must ensure that there are appropriate sanctions for violations.
Breaches of these rules, with animals as their first victims, go against the interests of consumers and cause distortions of competition between producers.
The new Strategy presents a broader approach calling for policy coherence (animal welfare should be given greater attention in the EU’s Consumer Policy, in the Framework Programmes for research and in the CAP) and coordination of financial resources (proper budget for actions listed).
Measures are required such as rules for the identification and registration of animals, the prohibition of unlicensed kennels and shelters, as well as stray animal management strategies, including vaccination and sterilisation programmes, and measures to promote responsible ownership.
I would highlight a number of measures that I consider really positive, such as the Compact for Growth and Jobs, which should take national- and EU-level measures as part of the strategy for fostering employment and smart, sustainable and inclusive growth;
We are a long way off the promised 1% of GDP.
Sylvie Guillaume (S&D), in writing.
This is an unfortunate, dangerous phenomenon.
Although the use of cash is rapidly diminishing, some 7% of the adult population of the EU still do not have a bank account.
However, it would have been better if the report went further, given the specific situation today and the banks’ high profits, an increasing proportion of which come from the multiplicity of fees and charges levied on depositors, particularly the poorer ones.
Trade integration requires enormous efforts both from ourselves and from the associated countries but, over the long term, this will bring measurable benefits to everyone.
It is important that funding for the trans-European transport and energy networks is stepped up and that new instruments are sought for them.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
However, it is well known that traditional EU budget funding is insufficient for such large projects.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Mr President, at a critical time for peace negotiations, possibly based on the Arab peace initiative, it is highly inappropriate for a body such as this Parliament, famed for its anti-Israeli invective, to seek to undermine the honest broker status of the European Union and incite further tensions.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
The EU must therefore decide to act.
The proposers of the text do not even pretend to attempt a balanced approach.
There is general agreement among the institutions of the EU regarding the necessity of these amendments.
They will exercise judicial powers only when addressing the cases assigned to them.
The moribund economies of southern Europe do not necessarily need some gigantic Keynesian investment programme.
I voted in favour of the motion for a European Parliament legislative resolution on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending the Decision establishing a Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme (2007-2013) and laying down general rules for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of the trans-European transport and energy networks because I believe it may become an important tool in the achievement of the economic relaunch of the Union.
I think it is important that we highlight the vulnerabilities in our own community by addressing these important issues.
I am happy that this Parliament stands united against any violation of freedom of expression in a European country.
Sadly, this is also taking place with the help of EU-based companies who have exported technologies to Belarus to facilitate this repression.
Mr President, Ms Schaake was right when she said that Andrzej Poczobut has not been acquitted, but was released only for the duration of the trial.
Bogusław Sonik (PPE).
For the EU, the work on SDGs should be coordinated and coherent with the review process of the Millennium Development Goals, MDGs, without deviating from efforts towards their achievement by 2015.
Our challenge is how to promote further research and how to apply that philosophy in real life.
Natural resources are mainly used for industry, energy and meat production.
You do not take into account what you do not measure is an absolute fact in politics.
Rio+20 was not a climate conference, but what they have in common is that the processes in their current form achieve nothing meaningful.
Sandrine Bélier, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
It is time, I believe, to take stock and, most of all, to look forward.
Thursday:
Ildikó Gáll-Pelcz (PPE).
I am sure that tomorrow, this proposal will have the major confidence of the whole House, but it is a reflection of the real importance of this subject that so many of the political groups and Members have been engaged in getting an excellent result.
Food safety is among the main problems perceived by European citizens.
We need to help the authorities, but the way proposed here is the wrong way to go.
Madam President, the voluntary system proposed would have very little effect on Britain because the British system is already very effective.
I welcome the fact that the final report makes reference to the parliamentary inquiry carried out in my country in 2008 and the conclusions that came out of it, since this inquiry was omitted from the initial draft, thereby generating a representation divorced from reality.
We must act.
Increase in aggregate demand would then coincide with increase in GDP and not precede it.
First of all, women need to defend their rights, including through civil judicial proceedings, when appropriate.
A black box is possibly not the right way to indicate this kind of information.
When important side effects occur, people need to get in touch with a doctor quickly.
I cannot stress enough that this is once again a case where it is the poorest and least educated who are the most vulnerable.
Madam President, Commissioner, first of all, I would like to draw attention to the excellent work done by Ms McAvan, the rapporteur, and also the other shadow rapporteurs, in order to reach this agreement at first reading.
I believe the EU cannot fail to hit its energy efficiency target: if it does, it will also fail as regards climate change, energy security, environmentally friendly growth and social protection.
I voted for this report because, as with the other report for this sitting, it falls solely to Parliament to decide whether or not to waive immunity, and because Parliament can take into account the position of the Member in question when deciding whether or not to waive his immunity.
I voted ‘in favour’ of the report because I consider that it exerts the necessary pressure both on the EU institutions and on each individual Member State to continue with investigations to ascertain the level of illegal abduction, secret detention and torture by the American secret services (CIA), with the assistance and acceptance of European states, in breach of every concept of international law and respect for human rights.
Indeed, the new regulation will enable European businesses to obtain certificates of conformity and safety for their products and services more quickly, using a technically updated, flexible and effective system.
The fight against terrorism requires a determined commitment from the European Union and its main international partners.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Secret detention, which is a form of enforced disappearance, may amount, if widely or systematically practised, to a crime against humanity.
Security sector reform must ensure a clear separation between intelligence and law enforcement functions.
Ana Miranda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Extensive investigations into the exact extent of participation by some EU Member States in the practices of the United States authorities and, in particular, those of the CIA which have taken place within the territory of the EU are absolutely necessary.
Tokia Saïfi (PPE), in writing.
Jacek Włosowicz (EFD), in writing.
By voting in favour of this resolution, Parliament intends to allocate more resources to this policy.
This should help to address the need for solidarity between Member States and thus encourage them to cooperate more closely.
EU Member States will provide asylum seekers, beneficiaries of international protection and members of their families with access to a form of protection, justice, social integration and the labour market, in full compliance with the principle of non-discrimination.
The commitment made by the EU to establish a common European asylum system (CEAS) this year is especially important as the migratory flows are increasing, triggered by the economic crisis, climate change and, above all, by the impact of the Arab Spring.
To ignore this situation or pretend not to see it is to be complicit.
It argues in favour of distributing asylum seekers and the beneficiaries of international protection.
Vilija Blinkevičiūtė (S&D), in writing.
and is diligent to give the kine fodder’.
I voted for the legislative resolution on the proposal for a regulation on European standardisation because I think that European standardisation can help boost the competitiveness of enterprises by facilitating the free movement of goods and services, network interoperability, means of communication, technological progress and innovation.
This report argues that standardisation ‘helps to boost the competitiveness of enterprises by facilitating, in particular, the free movement of goods and services’ and increases ‘competition and lower output and sales costs’.
Vito Bonsignore (PPE), in writing.
Mr President, I am opposed to the proposal for a directive because, once again, the European Union, in relation to the environment and the climate, wants to be top of the class.
The amendments made to the European texts, which are of the utmost importance as regards public health, will reinforce the European system for detecting and assessing potential problems with medicines in all of the EU Member States.
A review of the pharmacovigilance legislation is absolutely necessary.
The 0.1% sulphur content limit proposed by the Commission must be applied to all territorial waters of EU Member States up to 12 nautical miles from their coasts.
Erminia Mazzoni (PPE).
Katarína Neveďalová (S&D), in writing.
The Member States’ international commitments, not least to the International Maritime Organisation (IMO), already provided for this limitation.
There will therefore be significant environmental and health benefits to this legislation.
Cooperation between Members States’ tax systems is increasingly desirable in order to further reduce the possibility of unintended non-taxation, double taxation or tax avoidance fraud among the Member States, which does even more damage to the smooth functioning of the EU’s internal market.
The Portuguese people have experienced this at first hand, with the implementation of the aggression pact of the two troikas: the IMF, ECB and Commission, and the Portuguese Socialist Party (PS), the Portuguese Social Democratic Party (PSD) and the Democratic and Social Centre – People’s Party (CDS-PP).
I voted in favour of this resolution.
Sebastian Valentin Bodu (PPE), in writing.
The ability of ecosystems to absorb and manage emissions, and adapt to changing circumstances is finite.
I think that, if it is not possible to achieve this goal on a voluntary basis, specific measures should be taken, such as introducing quotas or other methods of reinforcing equality and democracy.
In the absence of details of the financial impact of all of these requests, I voted against the report because it seeks to turn society into a model of an unaffordable, utopian green economy, the consequences of which for growth and employment are unknown.
In today’s vote on the report on the role of women in the green economy, I voted in favour in the final vote, despite the fact that I voted against in the majority of the votes on the separate paragraphs.
As the Member responsible for gender equality, I share many of the questions raised in this text.
That is why we still advocate extending the ‘crisis derogation’, which increased the rate of EU cofinancing to 65%.
That is why they mainly work flexible or part-time hours, which results in a wage disparity between the two genders.
With this text, the European Parliament is highlighting a statistic that receives very little attention in the media: the proportion of jobs for women in the service sector, a sector that provides most jobs in the European Union.
Zoltán Bagó (PPE), in writing.
Studies have shown that investment in early childhood education and care reaps greater rewards than investing in any other stage of education.
Justas Vincas Paleckis (S&D), in writing.
The ET 2020 education and training programme follows on from the Education and Training 2010 work programme.
I welcome the adoption of the report by Jean-Marie Cavada, which seeks to improve the distribution of audiovisual works on the Internet.
We already know that Ukraine will not see free elections.
Many types of rigging are already taking place all over the country.
So there are many ways in which that is precisely what this is all about.
We have done that and we have sought, and will continue to seek, an inclusive approach to what happens in Ethiopia.
How are we in a position to integrate the transatlantic community, also with the inclusion of South America, to point to one strategic concept?
At the same time, we must strengthen the structures that have just recently been established in the External Action Service for conflict prevention and conflict mediation and broaden their expertise in EU foreign policy as a whole.
Mr President, I have a question for Mr Verhofstadt.
This is why I would like to make it very clear that we must focus on the rule of law in our discussions with Russia.
Would you be of the same opinion, as a devout Catholic, if all of this had happened in the Vatican or in your church in Munich?
We also offered our support in working on our shared modernisation agenda.
Werner Schulz, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
I would like, of course subject to time, to take the opportunity to speak briefly on the common market organisation for fisheries and agriculture products and the report by Struan Stevenson, which is an excellent basis for a final agreement with the Council.
We now have that, and it is a victory for sustainability.
I will ask him, and I will give you the answer, if you will permit me, in the morning or the day after perhaps.
Not all fishermen are these plunderers of the sea, the only people responsible for the poor state of the stocks, as is suggested by environmental organisations and the European Commission, grouping together all fishing categories.
The resolution provides for the creation of production and sales plans, which gives producers an opportunity to become real players in managing production and trade.
I am very interested in an integrated maritime policy which is all about maritime environmental planning.
I would also like to thank Mr Salavrakos because he has made a very good basis for the further discussion of our proposal for a discard ban.
Let me now move onto Mr Torvalds’s and Mr Haglund’s report.
The Scottish Government this week launched a Victims and Witness Bill to the Scottish Parliament which will exceed the terms of this directive by a significant margin.
We will work with you.
As the Vice-President of the Commission has pointed out, this law represents a significant step in the building of a Europe for the citizens;
I believe it will be good for the sugar regime reform to be extended until 2020.
Recently, both President Barroso of the Commission and President Van Rompuy spoke at the Jobs for Europe conference.
We all know that this type of pollution has a major impact on our air quality, as well as our water quality, and it is really important that we do something about it.
The patients are getting younger and younger.
This will be extremely expensive, costing in the order of many billions, which will be noticeable in the already stretched state budgets.
We need to be aware that the requirements for emissions from transport on land are a hundred times higher than those for maritime transport.
Mr President, the aim of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament was to link the improvement of energy efficiency with major investments in buildings and energy systems in order, at the same time, to be able to help reduce unemployment levels.
Investments in energy efficiency do not just mean that we save on our electricity bills.
Every country’s business is everybody’s business.
Mr Watson, infrastructure is one of the keys to the internal market.
I will illustrate with an example.
Take gas, for example.
Lucas Hartong (NI).
how a decision made by six of the seven political groups forming the national Parliament ended up being considered a parliamentary putsch.
As a Hungarian, a European democrat, and a friend of the Romanian people my interests lie in ensuring that there is true democracy and rule of law in Romania.
There is, of course, also an issue of ensuring gender balance on the supervisory board.
That incestuous behaviour should cease and you will contribute to that.
This regulation is based on Article 114 of the Treaty, which provides for the ordinary legislative procedure.
These initiatives are key elements in what we together have called the ‘single rulebook’, for the internal market, which should indeed apply to all 27 Member States.
However, I would like to underline – and I know the Commissioner does not take a different view – that when we proceed we must ensure we do not create new unions within the Union, because that would lead to fragmentation which would be contrary to what we want: namely, better supervision and greater stability.
In my opinion, this is not possible without a fundamental and serious debate.
That should have expired if all EPAs (Economic Partnership Agreements) had been signed, but they had not so we had then to pass the Market Access Regulation 1528/2007 to provide a bridging solution and this has since allowed duty-free and quota-free access for the 36 ACP countries that have initialled EPAs but not yet signed or ratified them.
This proposal is not against developing countries and it is not against Africa.
This runs completely contrary to the EU’s objective of reducing poverty and organising all external political instruments in line with this principle.
First of all, I should like to thank everyone who worked on this report, especially the shadow rapporteurs, who were beside me not only in the committee, but also during the trialogue with the Council.
This is an important first step, however.
Energy policy is central to the European Union, to economic growth and to a forward-looking energy policy.
As you have said, Commissioner, we still have a lot to do to make up lost ground in relation to these champions of tomorrow, these enterprises which are not obsessed with simply maximising their profits.
As you have said, Commissioner, today we need to improve funding for social enterprises and we must not be hostages of a single issue.
Furthermore, the Commission must provide for an additional financial envelope to support EU banana production.
Well, when we are talking about the EU free trade agreements with Andean countries, the hot potato, for once, is not human rights but bananas.
This means that in the next five years, the EU budget should rise from 1% to 5% of the European gross domestic product.
The reality is that, in an interconnected world, Europe’s Member States on their own are no longer able to effectively steer the course of events.
The crisis has shown that, while banks became transnational, rules and oversight remained national.
Only then can we decide on the tools that we lack and the ways to remedy this.
Risks have simply been transferred from one balance sheet to another.
Personally, I do not want to give them that pleasure and nor do you, José Manuel.
Mr President, the State of the Union includes 25 million unemployed, conflicting public opinions and rising inequality.
However, if we did not have the ECB, we would be in a much deeper mess.
Our goal is the creation of the United States of Europe and how we organise it is our concern.
Mr Farage, you have accused me of not listening.
It is about citizens and it is not about nation states in the future.
that is why you came here.
Mr Daul, I must say something to you that I have already said, because I have the pleasure of being part of this institution, at least temporarily.
We desperately need a resolution mechanism for the banks.
The EBA is creating the roadmap and the ECB is applying the roadmap.
However, now the cost is being paid by the European taxpayer.
When the President of the European Central Bank (ECB), Mr Draghi, says that the euro is irreversible, this is nothing more than an admission that we have been taking the wrong path, which is intended to lead to the creation of a transfer and debt union.
President.
I voted for this report, which is aimed at aligning Regulation (EC) No 774/94 with the new system of delegated acts and implementing acts, namely with Articles 290 and 291 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Daniel Hannan (ECR).
I believe that the amendment to the Mutual Recognition Agreement (MRA) between the European Union and Australia will enhance trade relations between these two major continents, and will also remove barriers to greater movement of products.
Nuno Teixeira (PPE), in writing.
As in the case of Australia, the amendment to the Mutual Recognition Agreement between the European Union and New Zealand seeks to enhance trade relations between these two parties and to remove unnecessary barriers to the movement of products.
Due to repeated infringements of the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea and the UN Fish Stocks Agreement, as well as action taken in violation of requirements for states to cooperate in the management of migratory fish stocks, it is essential to adopt a legal instrument according to which the EU could take action against states that are unwilling to cooperate.
Therefore, it is extremely important for us to come to an agreement on catch quotas and on protecting fish stocks all over the world.
Nikolaos Salavrakos (EFD), in writing.
It has caused such damage to the industry and to fish that it is irreformable.
I was, on the other hand, very much in favour of Parliament recognising the need to put European funding for the storage mechanism on a sustainable basis and agreeing to create an eco-label.
With this vote, Parliament has established an optimal framework to protect our fishermen and manage stocks sustainably, by means of a balanced approach adapted to the specificities of different fishing areas.
Moreover, the report does not clarify the policy mechanisms for ensuring coherence and consistency among the different components of foreign policy, including those under the responsibility of the Commission.
Firstly, I share the minority view expressed by Mr Meyer and Ms Lösing in the related report.
In terms of the Association Agreement with Central America, which will be signed shortly, I welcome that we indicate our intention to closely monitor the implementation of the agreement and its impact on the situation for human rights and the rule of law.
Martina Anderson (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The reform of fisheries policy, which was approved in 2002 and which is still being implemented, did not provide the fishing fleets in any of the new EU Member States with subsidies for fleet renewal, putting them in a very difficult position.
Consumers must also be better protected.
First it highlights the failure of the measures adopted so far at European level, in that the sector seems not to have responded as required, first by raising employment levels and secondly by depending less on third countries.
This information could certainly be used for further legislative work.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, transparency and access to all relevant documents and information form the basis of and are a compulsory precondition for democracy and, above all, for Parliament to be able to do its job.
The Structural Funds and Integrated Maritime Policy will form the basis of this action plan.
Firstly, as an MEP from a country facing the Atlantic, where much of its history has played out and some of its economic activity takes place, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Alain Cadec, for his work.
Previous experience leads to doubts about the chances of success in achieving the desired synergies.
These two pillars should facilitate synergies between the sector-based policies relating to economic, social, environmental and territorial development.
Peter Jahr (PPE).
It was reported that, last month alone, 5 000 Syrians were killed, making it the deadliest month of the conflict so far.
I consider this hard-won agreement the first legislative step towards creating a common external energy policy of the EU.
Yet the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development approved these two major advances!
The regional diversity of food, the traditional methods of production, and the concern for safety and good environmental conditions mean that the quality of European food is among the highest in the world.
Institutions investigating the situation in Syria have been flagging this up.
The aim is to create a European sector for investment in legal persons carrying on not-for-profit activities aimed at fulfilling various objectives of a social nature.
The optimisation of existing financial resources is the agenda of the day.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Greens followed the rapporteur in his call for a closer look not only at economic implications of the foreseen trade liberalisation, but also the implementation of environmental and social aspects.
Though DG Trade was not happy with a good number of the amendments proposed (45 in the International Trade Committee, plus the Agriculture Committee opinion), which they considered as outside their realm of competence (such as social and environmental data!!), and though DG Trade carried out extensive lobbying ahead of the International Trade Committee vote, a good number of those amendments passed.
The legislative initiative concerning the use of orphan works is justified and positive.
It is not acceptable that public institutions have to conceal works for fear of reprisals under the current rules on intellectual property, with very costly proceedings to boot.
Since there has been a court decision in the United States that has authorised Google Books to publish orphan works, there is also a considerable competitive disadvantage for the EU in the online market.
Most notably unclear is Article 1(2c) in the portal paragraph defining the subject matter and scope of the directive by stating as a fact that ‘This directive does not interfere with any arrangements concerning the management of rights at national level’, which seems to exclude them from the scope of the directive since managing rights in practice is the same as permitting uses, including assessing orphan status and sharing registered search results.
Edite Estrela (S&D), in writing.
The Kremlin should stop manipulating the judiciary politically and turn to civil society and begin discussions with it.
What is worse, special legal provisions have been adopted which, under the guise of combating extremism, allow effective action to be taken against representatives of civil society.
The soundness of the euro implies the existence of supervision at EU level which is guaranteed by this new legislative framework and carried out by the European Central Bank.
I believe that the system can only be good if it addresses this extremely difficult situation by applying uniform rules throughout the European Union to create equal rights and obligations for Member States both inside and outside the euro area.
Licia Ronzulli (PPE), in writing.
I voted for the resolution on proposals for a European banking union (EBU), in view of Parliament’s resolution adopted in July 2010 on cross-border crisis management in the banking sector and its report on the proposal for a regulation establishing a European Banking Authority.
Jacek Włosowicz (EFD), in writing.
An extension is in the interests of the European Union.
Joint action in the priority areas of science and technology brings benefits to both parties.
Science and technology is therefore fundamental for strengthening the companies’ global competitiveness and it is vital to establish international agreements with a wide range of countries.
In addition, the fact that the agreement also sets out specific rules for the transfer of classified information to Parliament by the European Commission is also worthy of note.
President Thein Sein has to receive that message clearly.
The fact that Burma is 5 000 miles away in Asia is not an excuse to ignore what amounts to ethnic cleansing in western Burma today.
The constructive partnership between Brussels and Baku entails reciprocity and commitment to shared values.
Let us look at Hungary.
What we need is transparency.
Works that have many owners, that is, so-called ‘partial orphan works’, can also be digitised and made available to a wide range of users.
This will help boost the economic benefits of copyright by ensuring fair remuneration for work and identifying any rights holders under an absolutely solid regulatory framework.
John Dalli, Member of the Commission.
That is fine.
The early warning mechanism established in the Treaty of Lisbon, which many people have labelled a paper tiger, showed its potential power for the first time yesterday.
The Commission is willing to exchange views, share methodology and background to its assessments with the Parliament, as already agreed in the common approach to impact assessments.
Furthermore, a follow up to the 2010 Smart Regulation Communication, taking stock of the progress made and drawing lessons from experience, is planned for adoption around the end of this year.
Repeated comments made by national parliaments regarding the regulations adopted by the European institutions go to show that we do not always succeed in achieving this level of quality in our regulations.
Ladies and gentlemen, as you know, the Conference of Presidents has decided to cancel the plenary sitting in Brussels in November.
They want to make cuts in European research, education and training programmes and regional development and cohesion, as if the EUR 9 billion of cohesion funds and the European Social Fund in arrears, I repeat, in arrears, were not already enough for countries such as Portugal, Greece, Spain, and Italy, putting various programmes at risk, including Erasmus.
Tadeusz Cymański (EFD).
Mr President, the European Union must have adequate financial resources to meet the commitments it has already undertaken: commitments in favour of local authorities, businesses and Erasmus participants.
Just imagine the French Parliament meeting once a month in Marseille and, of course, charging travel and accommodation costs to the taxpayer.
Giovanni La Via, rapporteur.
Anna Záborská (PPE), in writing.
This is linked not only to the free movement of goods, services, people and capital, and mainly people, not only to cross-border relations and cooperation, but also to citizens’ rights as set out in the Treaty of Lisbon, for instance the citizens’ initiative and the right of consultation, which have enormous significance.
We call on all those involved – private-sector players, wealthy nations, poor nations, multilateral organisations – to shoulder their development responsibilities.
Philippe Boulland, author.
The result of this mapping exercise will be presented in December.
Colleagues, Putin’s regime has turned its back on liberal democratic values and the rule of law.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
I consider it important that sign-language services employing video technology are also gaining ground in the area of transport, as well as text-based services that ensure inclusion of the deaf and hard-of-hearing as well as users with speech impediments.
I have checked the figures, and in 2010-2011 we always delivered on over 90 % of what was in the programme.
The greatest of course is the recession, with its unemployment and under-employment, squeezed incomes and reduced benefits.
Therefore, even if there is no definitive proof today that pharmaceutical products are produced in certain territories, that does not mean that that will be the case in the future, especially when there is a desire to expand the settlements and there may be other industrial products that would not offer a guarantee that they are not manufactured in the Occupied Territories.
These people, including innocent children who are hiding in bunkers in the daytime, are under permanent attack from this territory.
You can continue this Israel-Palestine derby all you like, but nobody will ever win it.
Above all, it is particularly outrageous that those who wish to admonish Israel are the same people who fail to recognise the oppression of human rights in Cuba, who are able to applaud Fidel Castro, who do not see the problem in Venezuela, who, ultimately, do not see any problem with human rights in Belarus.
The conflict between Israel and Palestine, Mr President, is something much deeper;
Does the House feel that the conditions for an Association Agreement are being fulfilled by Israel?
The agency should introduce in each of its annual activity reports a special section describing the actions taken to prevent and manage conflict of interest.
In May 2012 Parliament refused to grant discharge for the financial year 2010 to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) due to clear irregularities in the recruitment process, given that there was one ‘revolving door’ case and conflicts of interest between management staff and experts.
I therefore voted in favour of the proposal.
Madam President, free movement of people, statutory rights, civil and human rights, an open labour market, recognition of diplomas: these are all benefits for citizens in the different Member States of the European Union.
Furthermore, we cannot allow European solidarity and the sense of belonging that has built up over the years to cease to exist as a result of a temporary financial crisis.
I voted for the proposal for a decision on the European Year of Citizens in 2013, as it will be 20 years since the establishment of EU citizenship.
I voted in favour of this report which concerns the recent Commission document on the ‘Implementation of the Single Sky legislation’.
In this regard, the harmonisation of air traffic control at EU level offers the opportunity to move to a more modernised and automated industry.
Mathieu Grosch (PPE), in writing.
This welcome legislation on the Single European Sky (SES) must be implemented.
The majority of EU Member States, including Germany and France, will not have merged their air traffic control areas into nine Functional Airspace Blocks by the deadline of 4 December 2012.
To this end, the project is based, on the one hand, on the realisation of Functional Airspace Blocks (FAB) and, on the other, on the harmonisation of flight management technologies (Single European Sky Air Traffic Management Research).
I voted in favour of Mr Bach’s report on passenger rights for all transport modes.
Monika Smolková (S&D), in writing.
The report also points out that in air transport the definitions of delays and cancellation of flights is still too often interpreted in different ways.
Regrettably, Parliament’s questions on 2010 have not been answered.
Nuno Melo (PPE), in writing.
One of the criteria for the Commission’s assessment was the evaluation of the link between the redundancies and major structural changes in world trade patterns due to globalisation.
Véronique Mathieu (PPE), in writing.
This application from Ireland has been reviewed;
It is therefore appropriate to give tailored aid to the people made redundant by Astra Zeneca in Sweden.
By offering temporary allowances and concessions, the relevant authorities should encourage people to start and run a business.
This assistance was approved by a large majority: 570 votes to 71, with 13 abstentions.
The Dutch authorities argue that the construction sector in the Netherlands as well as in the entire European Union has been severely affected by the crisis.
Anna Ibrisagic (PPE), in writing.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
Germany has requested assistance for the redundancies in the printing machinery manufacturer Manroland AG.
This was the final request to mobilise the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund that we examined in this part-session, with support totalling EUR 40 531 302 having been approved for 8 415 workers.
The measures enable the lists of items to be updated more quickly without affecting manufacturers’ competitiveness.
Under the proposed rules, items of this kind will be included on a list and subject to controls, but these measures make no sense at all if operators do not require authorisation prior to their export.
I agree with the requirement for all Member States to submit details of individual seafarers’ training certification to the Commission on an annual basis in order to get a better picture of the seafaring profession in Europe.
Secondly, because the report addresses the essential aspects of safety and recognition of seafarers’ certificates issued by third countries by the European Maritime Safety Agency.
I supported this directive, which transposes into EU law the changes to the convention on the training of seafarers adopted by the International Maritime Organisation (IMO).
Laima Liucija Andrikienė (PPE), in writing.
Let us not forget that the European Union condemns Israel’s settlement policy, which it considers to be illegal, and that it decided in 2009 to suspend any upgrade of relations with Israel (following the launch of Operation Cast Lead against Gaza).
and this vote will send out the message that the EU favours increased trade with Israel over the welfare of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians who are daily subjected to a blockade of Gaza, illegal settlements on their territories, an apartheid wall and property evictions and demolitions.
Given the precariousness of the situation under international law and possible disadvantages which could in some circumstances arise for the Palestinian people, I cannot vote for the recommendation to consent to the conclusion of the Protocol.
The amendments that were adopted also introduce the issues of non-discrimination, protection of minorities, gender equality and the role of health and education, and restrict the definition of Official Development Assistance (ODA).
The universal guiding principle of the EU’s development policy should be grounded in the EU’s values and principles of liberty, equality, respect for human rights and the individual, as defined in the Lisbon Treaty.
In economic terms, the impressive rise of China, India and Brazil is effectively displacing the centre of gravity away from mature economies towards emerging countries, which, despite their impressive economic growth, are still unable to bring poverty effectively under control.
We believe that some of the ideas in this report are quite positive, such as ensuring that the primary aim of the implementation of development policy is the eradication of poverty and exclusion, and the consideration given to the problem of food security, to the right of developing countries to regulate investment (particularly foreign investment), to the central role that public aid must continue to play, and to the need to assess the results of cooperation policy, among other issues.
It acts throughout the food chain, from the safety of food for animals intended for human consumption to the protection of plants and plant health.
In order to support European SMEs, it is essential to provide a simpler and more streamlined regulatory framework, avoiding the national-level bureaucracy that often hampers their activity.
The reality, though, is that to achieve sustainable growth and to kick-start the economy, as requested by the Europe 2020 strategy, coherent and coordinated industrial policies from the Member States as well as deep structural changes of the EU industrial system are very important and necessary.
The main cause of the collapse of this type of company, which accounts for the majority of jobs in Europe, is the fall in consumer spending by the middle and working classes, who are being impoverished by the austerity policies championed by the European Union.
Of particular importance, in this context, are the divergent views on the issue of genetically modified organisms.
This own-initiative report emphasises, with appropriate realism and without ignoring the contextual difficulties, the huge potential benefits of a comprehensive trade agreement.
Other important questions are also dealt with, such as removal of trade barriers, the introduction of measures to ensure better market access, including for investment, the protection of intellectual property rights, the opening up of public procurement markets to ensure full reciprocity and convergence on mutual recognition of regulatory standards.
Moreover, in view of the ongoing financial crisis, we must strengthen our relationship, as it is the only way out of the crisis.
EU-US trade and investment must be put to better use in order to stimulate intelligent, strong, balanced, sustainable growth, focused on social inclusion and resources effectiveness, and ultimately job creation.
Even though the Commission announced last year its intention to modify the Directive, this was not yet done.
Eva Lichtenberger (Verts/ALE).
The real benefits of this agreement – exports, job creation, increased growth and competitiveness of the European Union – would most certainly outweigh the preventable challenges, which we should tackle sooner rather than later.
President.
We should focus on completing the single market, promote entrepreneurs and make way for growth and prosperity.
President.
Thank you, Mr Böge.
The debate begins only now, and I believe that it would be irresponsible to move to a growing number of national corrections.
It is where Janusz and I have been defending the Commission’s proposals and where there is also active involvement of the European Parliament in the whole process.
Janusz Lewandowski, Member of the Commission.
Marielle de Sarnez (ALDE).
Secondly, alongside the banking union, we need a solidarity mechanism, the creation of a European bond market.
Otherwise, what kind of credibility will we have if we are defending women’s rights outside the European Union yet having to teach a lesson to the governments of certain countries that do not respect those rights themselves?
Derk Jan Eppink (ECR).
On Spanish television he suggested sending the Guardia Civil to Catalonia to deal with moves towards Catalan independence.
This would complement our efforts for a stronger and more binding framework for the implementation of key economic policies, in particular in the euro area, as one important means of preventing imbalances.
I hope that you have the determination to reach your goal and bring us a nice Christmas present at our December part-session.
That is why implementation and systematic controls are more effective than a constant stream of new ideas.
Some of these issues are extremely difficult from a political and technical point of view but the decisions should be as urgent as possible.
Indeed, that is the critical task for the Member States.
However, we were not awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for social peace within the EU.
That is why the four Presidents of the institutions are currently working on more initiatives.
The social dimension is everywhere, both in the Member States and in the policies adopted at European level.
It is the same for Mr Schäuble’s proposal.
Mr Van Rompuy, you said earlier that things are improving.
So let us put aside the self-congratulations and let us forget the mutual backstabbing.
It adds that the budget adopted by the Committee on Budgets has restored all of the budget cuts proposed by the Council with regard to the amounts intended for cohesion for growth and employment.
The EU also seeks to undo rebates which at present are in place to stop Member States such as the UK being used solely as a cash cow and provide protections for the citizens who would be disproportionately burdened with the financial costs of levelling out wealth across the Union.
At the end of November, there will be a meeting of the European Council, at which a political agreement is expected to be reached.
In addition to the issue of the percentage, the other main problem is that of the EU’s own resources.
Mr President, the medium-term financial framework will set the parameters for the next seven years of EU budgets and could not come at a more sensitive time.
Elisabeth Morin-Chartier (PPE), in writing.
Sławomir Witold Nitras (PPE), in writing.
An increasing number of people are being won over to the view that cuts and belt-tightening will kill, rather than cure, the patient.
Increased spending of this nature, together with the reorganisation of own resources, is the best way for the EU to attempt to counter and overcome the crisis currently affecting the Member States.
We invite the Commission to put forward proposals in this regard.
This report proposes the creation of a new EU VAT own resource system which would reduce the administrative burden on the Member States with the overall aim of financing the EU budget entirely from own resources.
Finally, the matter of the EU having its own financial resources.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
Inês Cristina Zuber (GUE/NGL), in writing.
We need to give priority to the public services that can shield us from the crisis.
Anna Hedh, Olle Ludvigsson, Jens Nilsson, Marita Ulvskog and Åsa Westlund (S&D), in writing.
But there are also what I would call a number of fringe issues about which I have some questions particularly for Commissioner Barnier.
Citizens are not sceptical without reason: many efforts to extend the single market, including those made in the area of public procurement, are misguided.
We are disproportionately affected by the eurozone crisis because we are too tightly bound to Europe, with whom we trade at a deficit.
Compliance with existing national rules is equally important.
When barriers fall, the dividing walls are lower as well.
Madam President, the common market also has a role to play in the field of energy.
You managed, Commissioner, to help us show that it is a win-win situation for all, for business and consumers;
I want to hear what you have to say, Commissioner, I want you to tell us how together we can create a fairer Europe, a Europe that facilitates, a Europe that protects.
During the Erasmus Day Live initiative, some suggestions were made to President Barroso such as exchanging homes, which could make it easier and less expensive for families, or introducing some working hours (young people want to work, and they could do so in libraries and archives, or in cultural institutions), and regionalisation.
There is a large amount of money is needed not only for cohesion and for rural development, but also for external obligations and especially for Heading 1a which concerns competitiveness, covering all sorts of research programmes including Lifelong Learning.
With the amendment to the 2012 budget submitted by the European Commission a strong signal has been given to the Member States to comply with their commitments.
Bills must be paid!
The zones offer some protection to vulnerable coastal communities.
I voted in favour of this legislative resolution on the conservation and sustainable exploitation of fisheries resources under the common fisheries policy.
Since this Food Assistance Convention is fully in line with the EU’s ongoing efforts to contribute to reducing poverty and eradicating hunger globally in the framework of the Millennium Development Goals, I am voting in favour and welcome the approval, which represents a step forward in aid to the most deprived.
Rareş-Lucian Niculescu (PPE), in writing.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
The aim of this Directive is to repeal the Decision of 1995, which is the current legislative framework, and to gradually deepen the work of the European External Action Service.
Ioan Enciu (S&D), in writing.
This same right is enshrined in Article 23 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU).
namely, the right to be protected in third countries.
Aldo Patriciello (PPE), in writing.
legislative vacuum – in certain areas the EU legal framework does not meet the expectations of citizens and businesses.
Philippe Juvin (PPE), in writing.
Philippe Boulland (PPE), in writing.
For that reason, it is appropriate to amend Regulation (EC) No 1225/2009.
Bilateral trading volume with Japan is dramatically lower than with other partners such as the USA, China and Russia.
We should draw on experience with the EU-South Korea FTA to achieve comparable market access penetration in negotiations with Japan.
Regrettably, other aspects have been overlooked or not appropriately addressed.
PCD is not merely a technical issue, but is primarily a political responsibility and Parliament, as co-legislator and as a democratically elected institution, has a key responsibility for translating the commitments into concrete policies.
As the San José Articles show, no international instrument can be used to found a human right to abortion.
I also agree with the proposal to remove Yugoslavia from this text as it was replaced by a few new countries a long time ago.
The Commission argues that since the revision of the regulation on seed (under codecision procedure) will only be launched in September 2012, a time limit of ten years seems necessary to avoid the expiration within this process.
Sebastian Valentin Bodu (PPE), in writing.
At its heart, MiFID is about creating a positive environment for investors, both large and small, and for the companies that need to raise money in our markets.
Many Member States – the Netherlands, Finland, Denmark, Sweden, Belgium – have recognised this and are in the process of introducing a ban.
At the same time, high-frequency trading, which unfortunately represents a significant component of the financial markets, has caused instability and serious losses to the European economy.
Member States can ensure that investment advice may or will be banned …’
That is why, like Ms McCarthy, Mr Schmidt, Mr Klute, Mr Goebbels, Mr Langen, Ms Berès, Mr Mann and Mr Cutaş, I want to state my support for your rapporteur’s proposals, which you have supported unanimously, to further demonstrate – I am speaking now to Mr Giegold – that Commission proposals can always be, and often are, improved or strengthened.
I have always thought and observed that those managing the City and the UK Exchequer supported the effort we are making together in favour of the single market in financial services, transparency and promotion of healthy markets.
Sven Giegold, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
On the other hand, it is being suggested that it is perfectly natural to apply sanctions to countries that do not meet the targets laid down in the Treaties for deficits and debt.
I believe that as this new instrument for coordinating Member States’ economic policies has been in place for one year, the Commission should review the scope and structure and nature of the data forwarded to Brussels by the Member States for review and approval so that the essence of the required information is not lost as a result of the large number of diverse and non-transparent data.
Most of the countries of Europe need reflation without inflation.
For the next Semester, in 2013, I want to see the Commission and the Council address rising unemployment and rising poverty much more seriously: for instance, through that binding Youth Guarantee;
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL).
What is also very important is that we need the development of the Danube.
They can give the Danube Strategy an extra boost to meet its objectives.
I believe that, after we submit the proposal to you, you will all agree that it is a very ambitious one which is very important for the health of European citizens.
It is always a pleasure to see you here one more year on the occasion of the evaluation of the report on your activities.
This year I have again included in the annual report the category of ‘star cases’ in order to highlight illustrative examples of exemplary administrative practice by institutions and bodies revealed through my inquiries and, in addition, to emphasise that a central function of the Ombudsman institution is to strengthen and deepen a culture of service in the EU institutions and bodies by promoting and supporting best practice.
I also published, in 2011, a booklet entitled ‘Problems with the EU?
That is because it is very difficult to do business with Russia.
In all the remarks, it was quite clear that honourable Members feel a certain disappointment about the way in which the WTO rules are respected by Russia.
At the same time it is a vast sales market for investment and consumer goods.
Are we confident that the Russian administration is consistent enough to provide such a basis?
Please would you convey to your nation that we are glad that you are in the WTO, and we would like you to be as wealthy a society as can be, enjoying all of the benefits that the societies and nations of the European Union enjoy.
I believe it is necessary for both us as MEPs and the Commission to engage in intensive dialogue with SMEs so that, at European level, we can develop policies that take their needs into account as much as possible.
Looking at his own website, Mr Farage’s expenditure accounts are a complete fabrication.
The decrees created after the war laid the foundations for applying the principle of collective guilt and the shameful practice of ethnic cleansing.
The next item is the debate on the Commission statement on the elections in Belarus.
This is a priority.
The pressure really needs to come from below.
The next item is the debate on the Commission statement on the elections in Georgia.
It is very interesting;
He was accused of having caused the death of a patient.
The human rights record in some of those neighbouring countries is appalling.
The UAE has a better record on human rights, on looking after its migrant workers and on all the other conditions on the ICCP of the United Nations than of any of the other countries in the region.
Mr President, the EU has followed the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the United Arab Emirates with some concern in recent months.
She risked her life by standing up to those who systematically victimise women and practise gender apartheid.
Ultimately she paid the price for her courage when she was shot by the Taliban earlier this month.
Pakistan is a sovereign state, so we in the EU cannot tell it what to do, but we must support it in the difficulties it is encountering.
At the same time, official statistics are often secret, which obstructs public participation in political dialogue.
Tunne Kelam, on behalf of the PPE Group.
I believe that the European Parliament’s text will increase transparency and reduce speculative practices with the overall aim of protecting investors and making financial markets more transparent and efficient.
Contrary to what this report would have us believe, it is not merely the current functioning of the markets that generates instability and financial and economic crisis.
It is very important.
That also means refraining from unwarranted interference in internal Russian affairs.
Sergio Paolo Francesco Silvestris (PPE), in writing.
I am in favour of strengthening this relationship through the Partnership for Modernisation, which is based on mutual interests and a deep commitment to universal democratic principles, respect for human rights and the rule of law.
Georgia, on the other hand, is a model that Belarus can follow.
We condemn the fact that journalists have been arrested for doing their job, in a clear attack on freedom of expression;
Nuno Melo (PPE), in writing.
Independent observers reported many violations.
It will require an extra effort from both sides.
I hope that the new government and the opposition will concentrate on the further democratic development of their country.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The Agreement, renewed to 2011, provides for the setting up of the Energy Star programme in the EU.
I support the report by Ms Gardiazábal Rubial on innovative financial instruments in the context of the new multiannual financial framework 2014-2020.
During 2011, the Ombudsman helped more than 22 000 citizens, of whom 2 510 submitted complaints, 1 284 requested information and 18 274 obtained advice through the internet.
The rising number of complaints also reflects the fact that the European Ombudsman now has the competence to act in response to maladministration and illegal behaviour without maladministration being automatically restricted to unlawful activity.
Challenging the right to object to recognition or enforcement of a Member State judgment on the ground of manifest incompatibility with the enforcing Member State’s public policy is a genuinely backward step.
Mutual trust in the administration of justice in the EU justifies the principle that judgments given in a Member State should be recognised without the need for any special procedure, and cross-border litigation needs to be made less time-consuming and costly.
It will not be the last, certainly not in this field of legal rules, but it will help us to show the public more clearly what the European Union can do, and what it does, on their behalf.
It is imperative that these eight countries should sign up to the Convention.
We should finally stop playing games.
Mr President, in my speech, I want to express my full support for the right of every citizen of the European Union to submit a petition to the European Parliament.
It is much more powerful than all the villains in films by John Ford, Alfred Hitchcock and Emir Kusturica rolled into one.
I know that the Partido Popular has many domestic problems and no doubt wishes to turn attention away by reviving this great ghost of Gibraltar, but it has no right to do so and I call on the European Union to intervene to bring sanity.
I understand that they have now since changed their opinion on that, but it illustrates the problem and I hope the Commission will look seriously at this.
The goal is clear;
For all these reasons the Commission drafted a Green Paper on shadow banking to identify the appropriate measures to regulate these risks in Europe.
Similarly, across the European Union, Member States have continued to work to eliminate such gaps in protection and control for minors and have produced laws and have encouraged self-regulation.
Andreas Mölzer (NI).
I believe that, in order to restore sustainable growth in Europe, it is imperative to meet these challenges, partly through well targeted social investments which have the objective of preparing society to manage a change to much more flexible jobs markets, of restoring sufficient levels of employment in future and of improving Europe’s competitiveness.
The vote will take place tomorrow.
Private investors investing long term in not-for-profit projects already have a range of options: development banks or public-private partnerships, to name just two.
They have my full support.
The technical requirements for approval of agricultural vehicles in respect of many environmental and safety features have been harmonised at EU level to ensure a high level of road safety and safety at work, as well as a high level of protection for the environment.
I must emphasise that the new regulations will make a substantial improvement to the environmental and safety performance in all the vehicles we are discussing, which will be advantageous for citizens and the whole of society, and they also allow industry sufficient time to adapt production to the new requirements.
As rapporteur for my group, I commend this report to the House – even though it could have been better.
John Bufton, on behalf of the EFD Group.
I believe that we urgently need to begin drilling and testing to make an assessment of how much shale gas is recoverable.
Carl Schlyter (Verts/ALE), blue-card answer.
Mr President, on the face of it, and listening to this debate, I must say that shale gas is probably the most exciting development in the sphere of energy since the discovery of North Sea oil.
Sandrine Bélier (Verts/ALE), blue-card question.
Sabine Wils (GUE/NGL).
We need more reliable information on the quantities of gas and on exploration costs.
Rolandas Paksas (EFD).
We need to do likewise.
Kathleen Van Brempt (S&D).
I must tell you that on the same day that Ford announced the closure of its plant in Genk, it informed its business in Valencia that its production was to be transferred to Germany, in the same statement.
What are the foundations of this strategy?
Sabine Verheyen, on behalf of the PPE Group.
We should consider whether in the future, perhaps by having petitions examined in some kind of scope, whether petitions might not be also dealt with by committees for specific areas, to enable these petitions to be more thoroughly diagnosed.
I would also like to draw attention to the need for a reaction to petitions which have been deemed inadmissible.
We aim not only to respond to complaints but also to create genuine solutions to the issues raised in the petitions, working together with the Committee on Petitions and the European Commission.
Cristian Dan Preda, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Victor Boştinaru, on behalf of the S&D Group.
What is at stake here is both the quality of day-to-day life for European citizens and the preservation of the unique natural heritage of our Union.
I would also remind you, although there may be some in this House who will not like to be reminded, of the case of Spain, which we are discussing here – and rightly so – or of another famous case: Cadena Cope, a Catalan radio station, which was refused a concession, and which, thanks to the debates and the pressure brought about by the Committee on Petitions, won its battle with the President of the European Parliament Josep Borrell, with the result that this concession was awarded to that station.
I therefore make my appeal once again, as I did last year, to the Commission to take systematic action in this area to improve the situation for complainants once and for all.
With this in mind, I wish us all great success in the work we will carry out together!
During the crisis many citizens viewed the work of the European Union, Parliament, the Commission and the Council as a means of supporting the banks.
The Council modified its position on the two-pack last week.
In the long term, we must further broaden EMU if we wish to ensure stability and sustainable prosperity.
Parliament is the body with the capacity to explain that we cannot continue with a short-term vision that goes forwards and then backwards.
Andrew Henry William Brons (NI).
The report claims that it will achieve sustainable growth and a high level of employment, but it admits that unemployment in the 27 has risen by 50% from 2008 to 2012.
Moreover, that is why, after the 29 June summit, the reaction was somewhat favourable, a certain calm on the markets, because, after two or three years of urgent responses, with our backs to the wall, all of the responses came together, including those involving growth.
Questions are taken exclusively on a catch-the-eye basis;
Because of the situation and because we want to overcome this crisis by focusing on the real economy, I believe that greater weight should be given to the Competitiveness Council and that the Commission should be given a bigger coordinating role, and I would like to thank Parliament for the support it has always given me on this.
Mr President, the answer lies in the new model for Horizon 2020, in which innovation and research are aimed at industry: applying the results of research to industry – there was the famous ‘valley of death’ in the key enabling technologies sector, which caused a massive brain drain – and promoting the system of clusters, which will link up more and more universities – the research arena – with industry and small and medium-sized enterprises.
Haiti has fertile soil and is easily able to start feeding its citizens again and exporting its surpluses.
Just as, in the same vein, during my term of office and with your cooperation, the right to health, work, equal opportunities, gender equality and protection of minors will become a reality.
The successive Co-Presidents of the ACP-EU Council also attended both sessions.
In some Member States, however, these are divergent and may cause barriers to trade within the European Union.
It can be achieved through a system of checks that prevent the sale of high concentrations, enabling the lawfulness of the final use to be checked.
I am in favour of this regulation, as proposed by the Commission, which provides, in connection with the accession of Croatia, for a derogation to the general rules on the recruitment of European Union staff.
A new Protocol that decides on the fishing opportunities for the subsequent year, taking into account scientific advice, the precautionary approach, the needs of the fishing industry and the minimum quantities for maintaining Greenlandic fishing activities, is consistent with the aims of the common fisheries policy and I therefore think it is a positive Protocol for both parties.
I believe that this is essential for the effective operation of the Agreement.
The domestic fisheries sector is the economy’s most significant earner, accounting for 13 % of direct gross value added and 17 % of employment (including processing and other linked activities).
With this new agreement, Greenland has made available to the EU a new quota of 2 000 tonnes of demersal redfish, and we hope that there is now a fair distribution of that quota between the Member States, recognising the legitimate rights and aspirations of the Portuguese fleet, which has suffered such obvious discrimination and harm.
The Machinery Directive will enable better monitoring of third-party products entering the European Union.
The Consumer Credit Directive has two objectives: guaranteeing a high level of consumer protection and strengthening the internal market in cross-border consumer credit.
Thus a good instrument is in effect;
It draws no conclusion from the finding that these types of organisations are not following the obligations imposed on them to provide clear information to citizens and are forcing them into over-indebtedness.
I voted in favour of the Report on Social Investment Pact as I believe that is a good response to the crisis.
However, whilst it is essential to reduce debt and put the public accounts in order, it is also necessary to complete such measures with real incentives for growth, competitiveness and employment, in order to bring growth back to Europe and to end the recession.
This report, with its fine sentiment, is yet another sham.
The statement that the ‘success of European farmers will depend on their ability to increase their market share’ is a telling apology for the ‘productivist’, export-based models that sacrifice food quality, security and sovereignty for the ‘competitiveness’ of a few large farms.
The Resale Right Directive was designed to achieve two objectives: on the one hand, to ensure that authors of graphic and plastic works of art share in the economic success of their creations, and, on the other hand, to harmonise the application of the resale right in the EU.
József Szájer (PPE), in writing.
France’s market share was 4.5 %, with a 9 % increase in turnover;
By virtue of introducing binding rules increasing accountability, the report aims to make ordinary legislative procedures more efficient and transparent.
This blatant discrimination against the marginalised cannot be justified.
This new framework will be in line with current needs, both in terms of better market surveillance, emission levels and the level of safety, which, in my opinion, is a key issue as regards this type of vehicle with the mandatory introduction of anti-lock braking systems (ABS) in new motorcycles up to 50 cc.
I would also point out our efforts, as members of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, to introduce proposals for a new rule on jurisdiction for disputes concerning industrial action, for individual work contracts, for disputes concerning the infringement of privacy and the right to legal personality.
Better type-approval requirements for L-category vehicles can facilitate the transition to more efficient, safe and clean urban mobility.
I think that the report by Mr Panzeri highlights the problem areas of the industry and the new requirements appropriately.
Siiri Oviir (ALDE), in writing.
The various barriers preventing the European payments market from working as efficiently, openly and in as integrated a way as possible were identified in the Green Paper on an integrated European market for card, internet and mobile payments.
Moreover, the report notes that common standards should be sought at the global level in close cooperation with economic partners.
Because of the speed with which new payment methods are emerging, it is becoming necessary to adapt the European payment market to ensure that it works more efficiently.
For this reason I believe it is necessary to introduce harmonisation measures to make cross-border payments as convenient as domestic payments.
The European Central Bank (with the European Systemic Risk Board) should play an important role in this regard.
As such, shadow banking takes place via entities or financial contracts generating a combination of bank-like functions but outside the scope of regulation or under a regulatory regime which is either light or addresses issues other than systemic risks, and without access to central bank liquidity facilities or public sector credit guarantees.
For the gradual establishment of such an area, the Union is to adopt measures relating to judicial cooperation in civil matters having cross-border implications, particularly when necessary for the proper functioning of the internal market.
Indeed, some aspects of the shadow banking system may have beneficial effects on the real economy, whereas others can lead to tragic situations and high systemic risk.
The growing popularity of social networking means that children spend more and more time online.
Young Europeans spend up to 40 hours a week in front of the television and around 88 minutes a day online.
protection, making the distinction between the fight against illegal content and the fight against inappropriate content and conduct, protection of privacy and the right of reply and digital citizenship.
The EU has already taken initiatives in this area and the UK has at times opted in.
We must ensure responsible browsing for minors in the digital world as well as strengthen measures that ensure internet safety for minors.
I recognise that advancements in ICT can raise social capital, facilitating fundamental rights such as freedom of expression and access to information.
This is a sector that deserves our full support and therefore should benefit from a special tax regime to have easier access to funding.
In order to face up to these challenges the European Parliament proposes to support the necessary investments and experimental projects in social entrepreneurship.
Social enterprises make a huge contribution to the EU economy and I fully support this initiative, which looks at fostering their development.
equal pay and equal rights for work of equal value for all;
It is all too clear that austerity policies alone have not been effective at solving the major endemic crisis we have been battling for several years now.
Mr President, I would like to thank Commissioner Hedegaard and the President-in-Office, Mr Mavroyiannis, for their fine words once more about climate change and how serious the situation is.
I have said it before and I will say it again now.
I completely agree with Commissioner Hedegaard’s position, but it would be good to obtain our partners’ support too, notably that of the US, China and Russia and the other emerging economies.
Firstly, we need to increase the level of mitigation ambition in the period before 2020.
The costs of inaction are well-documented and will be even higher if reductions in emissions are postponed to subsequent decades.
In the 2013-2020 commitment period one such forward-looking measure might be to establish an international financing structure that could provide an suitable basis for common funding to combat climate change.
We must carefully balance the risks of climate change with the economic prosperity of the EU.
I consider it my duty to defend the rights of my country and to uphold EU rights and the credibility of the European Union, and I stress that we cannot enter into any arbitration with a country which is acting illegally, and whose foremost pre-accession obligation was and remains the lifting of the military occupation of Cyprus.
The debate is closed.
We need an unreserved yes to the State of Palestine, that is, a Palestinian State that is not restricted by settlements.
If we do not support this, if we do not call for an end to the Gaza blockade under international control, we will not achieve peace in the region.
President.
That is why this report also describes tools which could be used, for example, in policy planning, with a coherent and logical approach to defence adapted to security challenges that we in Europe will have to face in decades to come.
The European Union and Member States are leading international efforts to enhance climate security by initiating policy dialogue, including at the UN Security Council level and in its bilateral relations and by supporting concrete initiatives in the fields of climate risk management and adaptation.
Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
We are very concerned about the further limitation of political freedoms and the independent media and call on Kazakhstan to repeal the vague criminal charge of ‘inciting social unrest’ in its criminal code.
Meanwhile the Council of Baptist Churches has reported that this summer some government officials, would you believe, threatened to confiscate homes where unregistered Baptist services were being held.
Mr President, Kazakhstan is an important partner of the Union in Central Asia and a factor of stability in the region.
Kazakhstan has been an important partner for the EU in Central Asia, not only on trade and economic exchanges, but as a stable country which has a proven track record of inter-ethnic and inter-religious harmony and tolerance.
I would like to refer again to two main points.
But I would like to add one element and that is that the directive for us is a precondition for further police and justice cooperation and that is something that the Council should understand because the Council too has wishes.
I hope that we sort this mess out tomorrow, as requested by various organisations, including Shark Alliance, Oceana and Humane Society International.
These are the seals, the grey seals, large numbers of which lie in wait for their prey.
I am aware that the barbaric practice of finning has resulted in overfishing and that the European fleets are not innocent in all of this.
Exemptions are always problematical.
I am particularly pleased with the proposals in the Ferreira report, which are for the most part similar to my own.
In the UK, we have already taken steps to ensure that the wasteful practice of shark finning at sea cannot take place on UK-registered vessels, and we have been joined by many other countries around the world.
Just two clarifications: regarding the problem of predators – yes, I recognise that there is a problem;
We have to fish only for the surplus;
I think we are moving into a decisive phase in these negotiations.
What is he saying now?
But did you read Mr Miliband’s speech at the CBI?
Jacek Protasiewicz (PPE), Blue-card question.
(Applause)
We will defend the European aid programme for the poor, which you mentioned.
Unfortunately, in my opinion, these have caused difficulty and diminished the democratic dimension of the budget adoption.
Therefore, let us replace the threat of veto and the vicious circle with a virtuous one and embark on this by definition cathartic exercise, sticking together in adversity and coming out of it stronger and better off and, at the end of the day, bequeathing a better Europe to future generations.
Only a credible MFF can help them to overcome the heritage of the past and become connected to the heart of Europe.
I believe that the European Union was right to release the funds to Italy to demonstrate its solidarity.
Europe and Europeans need jobs, investment and growth now.
I also suggest that the EU should simultaneously notify both countries upon conclusion of its internal procedures.
I voted for the report on the implementation of the agreements concluded by the European Union following negotiations under Article XXVIII of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994.
I am keeping a close watch on the implementation of these agreements that are necessary to bring up the level of protection in order to address the said substitution.
It concerns legislation that favours importers of natural resources, who are calling for price certainty for imports of this raw material.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Moreira on amending the Annexes to Protocols 1 and 2 of the Euro-Mediterranean Agreement establishing an association between EU and Israel.
I believe that this agreement is important because it is not only aimed at avoiding increases of wood export duties applied by Russia but ensures more guarantees and better trade conditions for many EU manufacturers.
Finally, the rapporteur regrets that the European Parliament is only given a consulting role, in view of the political importance of the file and its significant budget.
Parliament has emphasised, in particular, the rule of law, the principle of legal clarity and the requirements of transparency.
Greater access to information on complaints, infringement files and so on could be provided without jeopardising the purpose of investigations.
Nuno Teixeira (PPE), in writing.
The challenge is now to find a technique to extract them cleanly.
Unfortunately, the amendment that I co-signed, calling on the Member States not to authorise hydraulic fracturing, was rejected by the European Parliament: the 262 votes in favour were not sufficient.
We need alternative energy and shale gas might be the solution at the moment.
I believe that financial assistance should be released as soon as possible for communities affected by natural disasters.
Eider Gardiazábal Rubial, on behalf of the S&D Group.
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
The previous regulation included a measure prohibiting fishing with trammel nets in waters deeper than 200 m, which was highly prejudicial to and discriminated against the Portuguese fleet, which used to fish for anglerfish to a depth of approximately 400 m.
The aim of this report was to allow the continuation of exemption measures.
However, the current rules are too easily circumvented by fishermen and shark stocks are shrinking: according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), more than 25 % of all pelagic shark species, of which over 50 % are large oceanic-pelagic sharks, are threatened.
Despite EU legislation on shark finning existing since 2003, loopholes enabled this barbaric and wasteful practise to continue.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
I welcome this resolution which calls for the EU to sign the Hague Convention of 25 October 1980 on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction.
The Convention of 25 October 1980 allows signatory countries to cooperate in order to resolve international child abductions by establishing the competent courts and applicable laws to determine the child’s country of residence.
Enlargement is beneficial for the entire EU, bringing it a better standing in the resolution of global problems and therefore I have supported the resolution and the conditions which should enhance the credibility and effectiveness of enlargement.
I welcome the proposals set out that by 2020 the EU should reduce its CO2 emissions by 30 %, compared to 1990.
After Durban, this new Climate Change Conference should be the occasion to act on past commitments and ensure that they are swiftly enforced.
To this end, we call on the EU to aim for a 30 % reduction in its emissions by 2020, we stress our support for the inclusion of air transport in the European emissions trading system, and we ask that the issue of emissions from the international maritime transport sector be addressed swiftly.
Ewald Stadler (NI).
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
Enlargement undoubtedly opens up new opportunities for the whole of the EU and its citizens.
I believe in the urgent need to bring humanitarian assistance to all the people affected by the conflict, and in particular to the deprived population in the Gaza Strip.
Resolving this conflict is therefore of the utmost urgency and a matter of daily concern for the whole world.
Siiri Oviir (ALDE), in writing.
I trust in Europe’s ability to act as a mediator and call for the exercise of moderation in all military operations.
Mr President, I supported the report since I believe that the EU security strategy has in previous years been inadequate and, in view of today’s security challenges, even obsolete.
We tabled amendments contesting the following issues: Strategic Autonomy, Defence Budgets, Need for more military action, Extension of ATALANTA, EUTM Somalia, Military action in North Mali and alternatives, EU border control mission in Libya, Procurement of drones, European Buying Act for arms, Defence Research, EU budget and Defence Agency, Military and civilian chains of command and HQ.
Nuno Teixeira (PPE), in writing.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
Cyber security is a colossal challenge for the European Union.
For this reason, EU institutions should develop their cyber security strategies and contingency plans to include in their risk analysis and crisis management plans the issue of cyber crisis management.
Another important dimension is the need to have closer collaboration with all institutions, private businesses and society and also to maintain a clear focus and political will.
Cyberspace, with its nearly two billion globally interconnected users, has become one of the most potent and efficient means of advancing democratic ideas and organising people as they seek to realise their aspirations for freedom and to fight against dictatorships.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
The rise in, or the threat of, conflicts in third countries due to climate phenomena can only be effectively tackled if their causes are duly identified and resolved.
Adam Bielan (ECR).
Certainly it is perfectly able to retain links with Russia, by being part of the Eurasian Economic Committee and, at the same time, seek closer cooperation with the European Union.
Paulo Rangel (PPE), in writing.
New and more coherent objectives must be defined that respond to the needs and the characteristics of small-scale fishing.
They do need a lot of protecting, particularly in the future, in relation to the way they are being discriminated against, especially by the big factory ships which are engaging in practices such as mincing and in not declaring their real catch when then come to shore.
As a result, one of the priority objectives of the external dimension of the CFP must be to guarantee the future of the European long-distance fleet, particularly insofar as it holds fishing rights that have served as the basis for the economic and social development of the countries in which it operates.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The main actions it envisages are the joint strategy for tackling illegal fishing, reinforcing support for the development of international instruments for the conservation and management of fish stocks in the context of the Food and Agriculture Organisation and promoting the conduct of performance reviews in respect of the RFMOs.
It is a well-known fact that women are underrepresented in politics, even though they play a crucial role in solving crises and conflicts.
Furthermore, it is very important for scientific research to be carried out in this field on a constant basis and for a full control mechanism to be established.
I call on the Member States concerned to provide and publish data accounts of returning female salmon to their rivers.
Mr President, we are deeply concerned at the latest reports regarding the situation of migrants, asylum seekers and other vulnerable foreign nationals in Libya.
He knows very well what I think.
However, there is a long way to go until we see a fully-fledged democratic country that upholds human rights, civil liberties, the rule of law and gender equality.
The direct representation brings a crucial element of legitimacy for the actions of the EU.
What we need today more than ever are pan-European debates, a better understanding of what is at stake, higher voter turnout and also a more direct link between the election result and the leadership of the Commission.
I just wondered if in future the Court might find it possible to make a distinction between those different types of things.
one day, perhaps, we will also have to scrutinise what their audit authorities are doing.
Madam President, the fact that as much as 60 % of the errors identified in the implementation of regional policy could and should have been detected by Member States is extremely worrying.
The European Commission must present the accounts before 31 March each year, the Court must publish its report before 30 June, and Parliament must vote before 31 December.
You can rest assured that dialogue with this Parliament will be a key priority in my future work.
I would like to stress that you – this Parliament – have already substantially contributed to that goal.
Vítor Manuel da Silva Caldeira, President of the Court of Auditors.
With all due respect for your work and that of others, I invite you to come and see for yourself the extent to which agreements with the World Trade Organisation have a positive or negative effect on enterprises in Northern Italy.
Yes it will – I hope it does – boost our trade, and we need some trade in Europe, especially at this moment in time.
In particular, it transferred foreign direct investment to European level and entrusted the EU with a major additional policy tool.
While it is not mandatory at present to label country of origin, there is legislation coming down the track in 2014 which will make it mandatory to label imported products, including poultry, with its country of origin.
They also incentivise us to think further in some domains such as, for example, the provision of export credits.
Thanks also to the coordinators, to one of whom – Salvador Garriga Polledo – I need to wish a speedy recovery, and to President Schulz for backing the process from the very beginning.
Derek Vaughan, rapporteur.
The Jensen report asked for an increase in the minimum numbers of suppliers to be considered.
These countries that are doing it are damaging their ability to do this business.
Likewise the eight-hour limit is simply not backed by science and any assessment of animal stress and upset.
What have your fundamental rights given us in return?
Those of you who lived under Communist dictatorships prior to your joining the European Union might think that this is an improvement.
Now, in spite of this, one Member State has failed to take the necessary steps which would have ensured that the Multiannual Framework is adopted in time, and as a result the Agency and its staff will be in caretaker mode from January.
I find it embarrassing that Spain, for petty nationalistic reasons, wants to be out.
In support of the pro-democratic Kyrgyz authorities’ efforts to alleviate the consequences of the tragic events, EUR 30 million has been provided, proposed by the Commission, to be disbursed half in loans and half in grants.
At present 60% of e-commerce websites are unsuitable for cross-border on-line shoppers, and consumer and business confidence in the digital environment is still low.
We must also help them to access market information and EU legislation in order to overcome legal obstacles and identify potential business partners in third countries markets.
Justina Vitkauskaite (ALDE), in writing.
It will be entitled to intervene, for example, to tackle pollution caused by offshore oil and gas installations and not just pollution caused by ships, as is the case now.
the lack of a single litigation system causes additional costs for the patent proprietor.
It is very important to highlight that this protection measure should only be temporary in nature and be used only to avoid the threat of injury, or injury itself, to EU industries from the surge in imports from Central America, specifically in the trade of bananas.
The resistance of Spain and Italy to this policy is regrettable.
Justas Vincas Paleckis (S&D), in writing.
There is no better forum than the United Nations to ensure that universal human rights are recognised as just that – applying to every woman, man and child, wherever they may live.
We call as well for the establishment of an international mechanism to monitor human rights in the Western Sahara.
A lot of work lies ahead.
Mr President, Russia is a strategic partner for the EU with vast oil, gas and mineral reserves.
On 11 September 2012, the High Representative commented extensively here in Parliament on the political use of justice in Russia, echoing many of the concerns that have been raised in this House.
We saw the consequences of supporting decades of dictatorial regimes and decided that, even with an uncertain future ahead, the EU needed a more values-based policy to build partnerships with people in these countries.
Finally, as a group, we stress the need to respect the religious freedom of the Coptic Christian minority, who feel threatened by a Parliament and a government dominated by the Muslim Brotherhood, and by Sharia being the sole legal basis within the Constitution.
Should this Parliament condemn it?
I am astonished by a lot of the things I hear in this Parliament, I have to say.
The EU needs to be clearer and also to take action on the illegal settlement products and to have proper labelling.
I am not here to defend the radicals on the left or whoever, but we have seen in this campaign – if you have followed it closely – the absolutely unacceptable behaviour of the Svoboda Party with very clear nationalist, anti-Semitic messages which I think need to be clearly evaluated by our Parliament.
We have encouraged Member States to use the Family Reunification Directive, so that people who have family members who are already in Europe could apply and then be given a visa, whereupon they could be brought safely to their relatives in Sweden, Denmark, Germany, Switzerland, etc.
We have also said that they must be given access to the asylum system when they come, should they want to ask for asylum.
Member States need to provide international protection for refugees from Syria where appropriate, and to continue to monitor the situation closely in order to be prepared for the possibility of a large-scale arrival of refugees from the region in the European Union.
I made it very clear last October that the Blueprint is the start of a debate and not its end and, of course, the European Parliament must and will be involved and take part in this debate at every stage of the process.
The slots regulation has to include sufficient safeguard clauses to guarantee vitally important connections, such as the Dublin-Heathrow links and also, as other speakers have said, to guarantee peripheral regions as hub airports for the same reason.
− Globalisation has positive and negative effects on the economy.
Parliament as a whole voted to refer the report back to the committee, where transport workers’ unions will be further consulted on the best way forward.
In order to increase the performance of the whole EU aviation chain and to achieve the realisation of the Single European Sky, we need to provide harmonised minimum requirements for airports and their operators.
We also need to guarantee the neutrality and equality in the allocation, management and use of slots, in order to encourage effective competition and avoid fraud or misleading information.
It is important to note that enhanced cooperation respects the rights, competences and obligations of the non-participating Member States, inasmuch as the possibility of raising harmonised FTT on the territories of the participating Member States does not affect either the ability of non-participating Member States to maintain or introduce similar taxation at a national level, or the conditions for raising such taxes on their territories.
I very much hope now that Parliament can work on a proposal from the Commission to introduce a tax at an EU level.
Regulation (EC) No 1/2005 has been effective in improving standards;
We call for the fundamental rights of the people of Western Sahara, including freedom of association, freedom of expression and the right to demonstrate, to be respected.
The EU has been a major player in working with the UN and International Criminal Court (ICC) to ensure fair and open trials for accused persons.
I know that my constituents in Wales demand full respect for human rights in any cooperation between the EU and third countries.
Therefore, I hope that FRA will work on a request of the Council.
In parallel, the Commission has just started to negotiate with the Member States on the content of the Partnership Agreements and Operational Programmes for the period 2014-2020, which should focus on school-to-work transitions through the setting up of youth guarantee schemes.
I am grateful to Parliament’s negotiators for ensuring that the proposal for a new peace programme has already been agreed between Parliament and the Council within the context of the territorial cooperation dossier.
I know from the discussions I have had that many regions are already working on these mechanisms to bring funds together in the future, but I also know that many regions have not started to do that.
The tour is one of the sporting wonders of Europe and the world, and Yorkshire provides a perfect location for the race.
The euro is no longer critical: the squalor, the wretchedness, the poverty and the unemployment have become structural.
The report suggests using more cohesion funding for the technical assistance of local government, which may frequently mean nothing more than a byword for increased bureaucracy.
Nikolaos Salavrakos (EFD), in writing.
Charles Tannock (ECR).
Mr President, when we look at the number of funds which are available – the Cohesion Funds, the Globalisation Funds and other funds – there is quite clearly a level of scepticism in my country about these funds just being viewed as taking hard-working taxpayers’ money away to be spent elsewhere.
Merci la France et les soldats français!
It may not be what all of you or some of you would want.
A country controlled by such extreme and merciless terrorists would pose an incalculable risk to regional and global security.
What makes you think that a public agency of the kind that you are outlining would have the confidence of the markets, or, for that matter, the confidence of anybody?
I understand that there has been a rather tense debate on this report.
Against the backdrop of a positive assessment of the report, I am glad to inform you that some of the relevant demands are already being fulfilled in current practice.
The Commission thanks Parliament for the continuing discussions between the two institutions and hopes that the constructive debate and cooperation will continue once the proposal to revise Directive 96/53/EC has been adopted.
So, Mr President, ...
And we need that agreement.
3. Improving the education and training of healthcare professionals;
I am talking about water services, energy, etc.
Máire Geoghegan-Quinn, Member of the Commission.
But working together, we have pushed forward what we consider to be an ambitious programme in the whole area of technologies.
I am very pleased at what I have seen happening over the last 18 months, in that there is a real engagement from the authorities in Northern Ireland, from the First Minister and Deputy First Minister down – engaging here in Brussels, engaging in Belfast with those of us who have gone over to work with the Executive, and indeed yourselves and each of your colleagues that are here from Northern Ireland working with the Northern Ireland Office representation here in Brussels.
We cannot as you rightly said solve problems alone whether they are on the health side, the energy side, the food security side – whatever aspect of research and innovation is involved we have to work together.
We have seen in the last weeks a very significant deterioration in conditions in Syria, because of the combined impact of three factors.
It is an ongoing process.
They can also, of course, help in improving employment practices and working conditions, not least given that many of them have brought corporate social responsibility policies and initiatives into the workplace in third countries.
Richard Howitt (S&D).
We also welcome the response from the governments in Pakistan and Bangladesh in terms of compensation and commitment to the victims and their families, and we welcome the contribution that has been made by some overseas companies as well;
However, I am absolutely confident that we will be able to reach agreement as there is very strong support for its aims.
First we need a full and tough implementation of national anti-corruption legislation.
Depending on our mindset we can either dream or paint very rosy pictures of a possible Middle East free from weapons of mass destruction in a very near future, or we can paint an apocalyptic future.
Pessimism can become self-fulfilling.
Confidence and trust amongst the states of the region are crucial.
If the conference does not take place, this will seriously undermine the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and all other efforts towards non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
The Irish people made a good decision.
After all, it is not the first time that Ireland has undertaken it and I can tell you will need all your skill to make progress.
It is very clear, Taoiseach, that you have a very clear priority and a very clear focus on what is really important.
I want you to understand that we have absolute respect for this Parliament, the elected Members of the peoples of the European Union.
The current scenario is already having a disastrous impact on the lives of thousands of young people right across Europe;
John Bufton (EFD), in writing.
The resolution calls for all young people who are not in education, training or work to be offered a good-quality offer of employment, further education or an apprenticeship within four months.
Any self-respecting parliament nevertheless should have one seat not two.
a recognition that private debt is a major cause of the crisis, next to public debt;
This is one of the key measures of the compromise endorsed by an overwhelming majority of the European Parliament.
− Abstention.
Concluded for a period of 10 years (renewable), its aim is to build a solid basis for strengthening ties between Iraq and the EU.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
So why does Mr Almunia want to resile his executive powers to the legisative process?
The recent brutal rape and murder of a 23-year-old student from New Delhi is unfortunately not a unique case in India today.
This resolution calls on the democratic Indian Government to ensure respect for democratic principles, fundamental rights and human rights – in particular the rule of law and the rights of women.
Taking account of this backdrop and after careful consideration, the Commission included the withdrawal of the proposal in its work programme for 2013.
Now Parliament has the occasion to make this view known before the Commission effectively decides to proceed to withdrawal later in the spring or decides otherwise.
It has the ambitions that all cosmopolitans and neo-liberals have, of a borderless, undifferentiated world in which goods, services and people will move without let or hindrance.
However, there is a critical difference between Brazil and the UK.
Would you be willing – as a fellow Hungarian female MEP – to initiate a common fight, involving all female MEPs across party lines from Hungary and everywhere else, for the freedom of Patricia Nyiri-Kovács, the battered mother whom I mentioned?
Let me also thank the Commission as well as the Cyprus and Irish Presidencies for their hard work, which I hope will bear fruit in the future to the benefit of all.
Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
I am yet to hear back from you, Commissioner.
The EU is not doing very well.
Perhaps the answer to that can be found in the Commission’s own documents.
If the EU really wanted to help Member States and taxpayers, it would simply abandon budget lines that have no added value – but this will not happen.
and the number of this Parliament’s working weeks, because we meet for twice as long as many other parliaments including the Bundestag.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
The EU should show leadership on sustainable fisheries to the rest of the world.
Your troops, aided by British and other Member States’ forces, are risking their lives to protect us, and we owe them a huge debt of gratitude.
It is important to remember that the particularly difficult farming conditions on the smaller Aegean islands are being compounded by external pressures as a result of illegal migration.
Secondly, I will not vote for EU aid to the Canaries and Azores, or indeed anywhere else, to cultivate tobacco, the use of which we campaign against strongly in this House.
In other words, the best way to help poor people in poor countries has the delicious bonus of helping poor people in Europe.
This report looks for innovative ways of helping mobilise cash for these businesses, and we must welcome that at this time of crisis.
Yes, I suspected he might.
Štefan Füle, Member of the Commission.
Increased socio-economic aid to the Kurdish-populated regions could also be helpful, and the EU is there to play a more active part in this.
A number of Members have raised the question of religious minorities, and rightly so.
I think that those of us who have lived through these many years share the concern, and sometimes also the frustration, over how difficult it is to bring Europe to speak with one voice.
I think you struggle and that you do everything you can, but you also have to admit that sometimes some countries are blocking.
He is the heart and the engine of the whole topic and is extremely enthusiastic about it.
Finally I would just like to thank Mr Zwiefka for his good cooperation and also for the support in the group in the Committee on Legal Affairs.
Following the 2008 wine reform, a common framework laid down the rules concerning the recognition, protection and use of such traditional terms.
So today, I appeal to all Heads of State and Government to bridge their differences and come to Brussels in a spirit of compromise and European responsibility, so that this political agreement can be found.
I expressed the hope that Member States meeting this week in the European Council could support our ambition to identify tangible measures that can be rapidly implemented and will make a difference.
For all these reasons we believe it is important to have an MFF, but not every agreement is a good agreement.
Most importantly, we need to have the possibility of moving unspent amounts from one year to the next, and also to have flexibility between the various budget headings.
If you only have the vision of a big market you do not need a budget, or only a very small budget.
A number of points have been made, particularly by the Members of Parliament.
A centralised system managed by Brussels has lost the confidence of the fishermen;
− Whilst I am hesitant to support any new EU legislation, in this case the safety of the visually impaired, children, and others is paramount.
In response to these alarming figures, the UK Government has launched its own action plan to tackle all aspects of violence against women and children.
I call on High Representative Lady Ashton to make it absolutely clear that the outcome of this case will be a benchmark for the rule of law in Laos and that it will be crucial for the judgment on whether or not Laos qualifies for an enhancement in our relations, including trade relations.
The days of hyperinflation and land expropriation now appear to be over, but few are claiming that the ZANU-MDC coalition has brought real positive changes to the country or that the expropriated farmers have been adequately compensated, some of whom live in my constituency of London.
As this resolution makes clear, the corrupted justice system still overwhelmingly favours ZANU-PF.
Written statements (Rule 149)
We are not a bailout bank, we are not the bank of the programme countries or the bank of the eurozone, we are the bank of the 27 Member States of the European Union.
As you may be aware, the Commission is currently preparing the proposal for the future mandate and the next financial framework, which should be submitted to Parliament and the Council in the coming months.
Recent projections anticipate that immigration could slow down the process of population ageing.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
− The Commission needs to change its position on the Annual Growth Survey.
Claude Moraes (S&D), in writing.
Following on from the Commission’s communication on better governance of the single market, this report suggests that the measures should go further towards the completion of the single market.
Those rising inequalities, and the deeply rooted gender stereotypes that reinforce them, need to be swiftly addressed.
It would also have been imperative to see a better inclusion of stakeholders, notably by requesting two stakeholder conferences at different stages of the project for adequate public participation.
Derek Vaughan (S&D), in writing.
Given that there is a difference in payments and commitments, it is questionable whether we can actually meet these goals.
Such a profound change can only be made when other institutional questions are up for review, because our institutional set-up is based on the balance between what happens in the European Parliament and what happens in the Council.
However, research should certainly continue, and we should continue investing also in increasing knowledge on those issues.
England is now the soup kitchen of the world, and the soup is running out.
(The vote was subsequently postponed to Thursday, 14 March 2013.)
Sorry to speak now about social market economy logic, but it also has to be integrated, because there is a chance to develop certain segments of the social market economy.
Therefore, we should firstly attempt to ensure that we reduce, year by year, the figure of one in five EU citizens incurring problems when they buy goods and services, before we look at ODR and ADR.
People have spoken about the issue of language access, but I also want to emphasise that it is accessible in all formats – examples for people who are partially sighted.
I also recall your recent report on the situation of fundamental rights in the European Union (2010-2011), which paints a disturbing picture and which also rightly calls for further action.
If somebody had stood up then and said that within three years a Jewish state would be created, he would have been considered a delirious visionary.
where the devotion of the people and the merits of hi-tech forced deserts to surrender and to bloom.
Two years later there is widespread frustration and disappointment that these goals were not achieved.
I would like to hear from you why you did not respond to Morsi’s power grab last November?
That was the litmus test.
I am very glad that the European Parliament has endorsed Global Zero and two thirds of the Members underwrote this, which now has become official EP policy.
In Lebanon they prepared a plan in January on how to help the refugees, planning or forecasting, estimating that by summer time there were going to be around 300 000 refugees from Syria in Lebanon.
I call on my colleagues in the European Parliament.
Its determination with respect to addressing the matter of selective justice, notably the cases of Yulia Tymoshenko and Yuriy Lutsenko, deserves high recognition.
Now let me also make the following point: we have been talking a lot about the need for the transformation of Eastern Europe to complete this project of a united, prosperous and stable Europe.
Without this country becoming part of the European community of rule of law, one cannot be sure about the final end of the historic enterprise, started in 1950.
I look forward very much to working closely with all of you to make that happen.
That is why, for the resolution today, my Group has tabled an amendment calling for a transparent decision on the MFF so that all those Members who have contacted me about it can put their feelings on the record, in public.
Implementation of the Compact for Growth and Jobs is too low and too slow.
Competitiveness is an indispensable element to underpin growth and jobs.
The crisis was supposed to be over and it is not.
The Italians voted against the ‘triple B’ – Brussels, Berlin and Barroso.
They are also a minority in Iraq;
This resolution is not just for the Turkmen, it is for all the minority communities of Iraq who long for peace and security.
Moreover, the success enjoyed by cooperatives and mutual societies, in both economic and social terms, proves that incorporated companies are not the only type of enterprise to perform well on the European market.
or the FA back in my own country that fails to implement a working fit-and-proper-persons test, which allows vulnerable clubs to fall into the wrong hands.
ICAC has a good track record in performing its role as a vehicle to promote market development and transparency in the cotton sector.
Instead of allowing us to export and share best practice in how farmers care for the environment, we are moving backwards – to set-aside and compulsory crop rotation.
This was compounded by the failure to provide for measures to monitor the effects of the CAP on long-term food production capacity in the least developed countries.
Jill Evans (Verts/ALE), in writing.
− Parliament calls for measures to ensure the implementation of national Roma integration strategies through periodic reviews, monitoring and support to enable local, regional and national authorities to develop and implement effective human-rights-compliant policies, programmes and action for the inclusion of Roma, using available funds, including EU funds, while strictly monitoring respect for fundamental rights and the implementation of Directive 2004/38/EC on the right to move and reside freely.
The endocrine system regulates much of what happens in the body, including reproduction, metabolism, growth, salt and water balance and cardiac function.
Many women were active during the Arab Spring and they now have the challenge of translating that civic fight into political action.
Fourthly, it urges sports organisations to establish a code of conduct for all staff and officials (players, coaches, referees, medical and technical staff and club and association leaders) which sets out the dangers of match-fixing, includes a clear prohibition on manipulating matches for betting or other purposes, stipulates the associated sanctions and includes a ban on gambling on own matches and an obligation to report any approaches concerning, or awareness of, match-fixing, coupled with an adequate whistleblower protection mechanism.
A recent investigation by Europol has made clear that this is not simply a problem about cheating in sport, but that this is about money laundering on a global scale.
As a representative of Wales – the first ever Fair Trade Nation – this is an incredibly important issue.
I still believe that it was a sensible thing that you asked for.
At the moment we are in a position where Germany and other countries are actually investing in unabated coal-fired power stations – lignite power stations, the dirtiest of the lot – and industry, especially the generators, are asking us to give them a clear signal about the pattern of investment in the future.
That is why, based on the encouraging results of the ICAO Council meeting of 9 November 2012 and the constructive engagement of our international partners in the relevant discussions, the Commission proposed that the EU ‘stop the clock’ by temporarily derogating from the EU ETS compliance obligations for international flights operated in 2012 to and from Europe.
We would like to have a common decision with the Norwegian government on this.
Seán Kelly (PPE).
More work remains to be done before the European Parliament elections.
The eurozone’s single banking market will, however, remain incomplete without an EU-wide common deposit system – a eurozone guarantee system.
Seán Kelly (PPE).
This Parliament will vote to approve the EU accounts once again.
The Court values highly the recognition by the discharge report of the different roles played by the institutions: the external auditor on the one hand and the manager on the other.
And finally, we must make sure that the figures add up.
Ukraine is a friend of the EU and geographically an integral part of Europe.
Olli Rehn, Vice-President of the Commission.
It has been suggested that to use the text in its current draft form would not be wise until a more comprehensive examination of the issues at hand has been undertaken at the Basel Committee.
We have this extraordinary situation where we have had regulation – lots of regulation – which has been the wrong sort of regulation, has it not?
In 2006, we had the ‘baby Thatcher’ speaking in this Parliament: the Belgian Prime Minister, Mr Verhofstadt.
A clear risk is the loss of European competitiveness, linguistic and cultural diversity.
We simply cannot afford that.
It is essential we keep all our young people on board.
She refused to accept that a great people would decline for ever.
This directive, together with the new Capital Adequacy Regulation (A7-0171/2013), forms the capital adequacy package, one of the most important pieces of legislation ever to come before Parliament.
Apart from the wrongheadedness of creating EU legislation for a handful of airports, the proposals to further liberalise ground handling services risk further undermining social and employment standards.
Marina Yannakoudakis (ECR), in writing.
I look forward to hearing the contributions of Members.
It has become more credible, which is also because of the commitment of our Croatian colleagues.
We hope this will lead to increased alignment with the European Union’s positions.
Richard Howitt (S&D).
Secondly, some progress has been made in the fight against corruption and organised crime, but the number of investigations, prosecutions and indictments remains low.
Mr President, it has been my great privilege to act as Montenegro’s standing rapporteur for this Parliament.
Serbia should also engage in awareness-raising campaigns on these issues in order to change ways of thinking.
We are witnessing a profound change of approach, which we need to actively encourage.
It is very recent;
The Presidency considers that in the context of this new development we must work to deliver both a reformed CFP and make progress, where possible, on Multiannual Plans which are the cornerstone of the planned reformed CFP.
We are also working very closely with the Venice Commission of the Council of Europe, which, as you know, will deliver an opinion on the compatibility of the amendments with the principles of the rule of law by mid-June.
2. Employees as well as self-employed people have to be respected in their knowledge and capacities – let us support the SMEs.
The second rule is that they meet at the end of the week or the beginning of the weekend under the pressure of the opening of the markets on Monday.
But just one more word about that meeting in Luxeuil-les-Bains in July 1950.
These threatening clouds hang over a Europe that in more hopeful times had chosen to base its anthem, rather than on anything contemporary, on Friedrich Schiller’s poem ‘Ode to Joy’ and its musical setting by Ludwig Van Beethoven in his Ninth Symphony.
− I voted for this report which grants the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy discharge in respect of the implementation of the European External Action Service’s budget for the financial year 2011.
to solve some structural issues;
This is unacceptable, so I have voted against granting discharge to the Translation Centre for the Bodies of the European Union until all the irregularities are corrected and a positive statement of assurance is issued by the Court of Auditors.
Nevertheless I took into account the fact that the Centre consulted the Court of Auditors on further action once it discovered that irregularity and took immediate and quick action to rectify the existing situation and to prevent similar irregularities in future.
I welcome the fact that, in the meantime, the Agency adopted a new policy for the management of potential conflicts of interest, a more detailed template for declarations of interest and a code of conduct for management board members.
Mr President, I voted to postpone the discharge of the European Environment Agency and I really regret that the majority voted to grant discharge.
Costs for energy consumption, parliamentary assistance, the fitting-out of premises and other reserves were considerably decreased, which led to a direct decrease in the EP’s annual administrative costs and, as a consequence, to a decrease in the final expenditures of the EP for one financial year.
Claude Moraes (S&D), in writing.
takes note that the Joint Undertaking completed ex-post audits covering EUR 2.2 million (18.8 % of the accepted Joint Undertaking's contribution for the first call validated by the Joint Undertaking by June 2011);
I voted against the Initiative on Innovative Medicines Joint Undertaking as it demonstrates a lack of transparency and was not created with the consent of my voters or constituents.
points out, however, the importance of geographical balance at all levels of staff;
The EU-Vietnam Partnership and Cooperation Agreement gives a valuable opportunity to deepen cooperation on Human Rights.
There have been regular reports almost yearly as well as the report from last November.
Journalists are being blackmailed and intimidated by the government.
I was encouraged by the Commissioner’s contribution this morning.
The fact that initiatives have been received on the right to water, waste management, media pluralism and speed limits, among others, are testimony to the potential of this tool as a real driver of European policy and engagement with citizens.
People in Britain have the opportunity to do that by voting for the UK Independence Party, and they are doing it in increasing numbers.
In my capacity as Chair of ECON, I attempted to get clarity on this matter by way of an exchange of letters in December and January, following the publication of the new indicator.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
Since 2011, the Ukrainian Parliament has been examining two draft laws making it illegal to say homosexuality is normal, or supporting LGBT people in any way.
Ahead of today’s vote, human rights organisations including Human Rights Watch and ILGA-Europe had called on the European Parliament to send the agreement back to committee, postponing the vote.
I refer to the conflict of interest centre which is not yet operational, to the lack of a track record in the area of corruption, to convictions and so on.
(33) Croatian administration not fully prepared for EU funds, need to strengthen capacities;
Pino Arlacchi (S&D), in writing.
Conducting reforms and adopting new laws in compliance with EU requirements is only the first step where an intensive and serious implementation period needs to follow.
more efforts need to be made by the authorities to obtain justice for survivors of conflict related sexual violence in Serbia and elsewhere in the Western Balkans;
We have a situation where the Commission is announcing, in the face of this resistance by the Council, an annual relocation forum.
We cannot find ourselves to be complicit by supporting a treaty amendment which blunts the effects and force of the Charter.
He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal for leadership, bravery and devotion to duty in trying to save his ship.
President.
I can already see that it has been taken up.
They are broke because we have a system called fractional reserve banking, which means that banks can lend money that they do not actually have.
We have also achieved agreement on the important Capital Requirements Directive 4, which aims to strengthen the capital requirements for banks and the overall effectiveness of regulation for the sector and to enhance financial stability.
This is clearly very important to our citizens, as many of you have pointed out, because it is vital that there be confidence in our banks if our economy is to function efficiently.
There are indeed already organisations which send accessible-format books directly to disabled people in other countries in a limited way – limited, that is, by outdated copyright law that this treaty, if concluded next month, would modernise.
Putting the citizen at the heart of the European Union was a quantum leap, and the Commission that took up its office in February 2010 put the necessary steps in motion to take such a leap.
Of course exceptions should be made, and it is a complex issue.
This already applies an automatic exchange of information for a range of income, such as employment, pensions and insurance, from 2015.
I want a reply.
While the summit has a worthy agenda, we need, of course, some concrete results.
I look forward to continued cooperation in delivering and responding to the expectations of European citizens.
I think Mr Callanan and others mentioned the need for global action, and I agree with that.
With energy policy, we can see coming up all of the worst aspects of the common fisheries policy.
Secondly, can we please make sure we have some joined-up thinking?
Labour MEPs and our colleagues in the Parliament have led the call for binding 2030 renewable energy targets and I am delighted that the amendment we supported has been included in the final report.
I support the need for women in the western Balkans to take a prominent role in society through active participation in political, economic and social life.
We must say ‘No’ to restrictions on the freedom of opinion and ‘Yes’ to free and pluralistic media in order to sustain European democracy.
IORPs cover around 25 % of the EU workforce and manage assets worth around EUR 2.5 billion, or 30 % of the EU GDP.
My local Italian hosts were aghast.
Tunisia, for example, is left with an external debt of USD 14.4 billion from the Ben Ali days.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Also with the country I know the best, in the United Kingdom, where I served as ambassador for a short period of time.
Three points.
and the resumption of media dialogue with their association of journalists.
Commissioner, I am proud that you asked Mr Buzek and me to broker that agreement on 1 March 2013 but, Mr President, when I reflect on that experience, I think most of all of the ordinary Macedonians who came up to us in the street, in corridors, on public transport, wishing us well and urging us to succeed.
David Martin (S&D), blue-card question.
It is one shaped by the interests of big business rather than working people on either side of the Atlantic.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership should lead to a win-win situation, to fewer bureaucratic burdens, and to high standards of fundamental rights, environmental standards and consumer protection.
What you have to do – and you do it in an eloquent way – is indicate the important points that you want to mention, that you want me to look at and which you will question me about.
There has been a particularly cowardly and disgusting terrorist murder of a man in Woolwich.
That is why I would like to offer my congratulations on the job done, and I fully expect that the Member States will recognise that this important measure should be implemented as soon as possible.
Mr President, my sincere apologies for not being on parade.
but his policies will generate the same effect.
Active labour market policies are crucial, especially in combating youth unemployment.
John Bufton (EFD), in writing.
I believe we must do what we can to ensure transparency in order to prevent any abuse of these processes.
Regulation No 552/97 says that the temporarily withdrawal from access to the GSP tariff preferences shall come to an end as soon as the Commission report concludes that the practices that caused the withdrawal no longer exist.
The macro-regional strategy, aligned to the objectives of the Europe 2020 Strategy as well, would ensure a better use of the ‘available’ resources and, at the same time, smart and inclusive development.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
I know that this will be welcomed.
Even before our evaluation of existing strategies is complete, one thing is very clear: territorial cooperation programmes like the Alpine Space Programme can play a very useful coordination role, but no single programme will have the scope or the funds to make a reality of a whole macro-regional strategy.
They have already signed a kind of charter, but we have to be very concrete in this, and they can take responsibility for their supply chains.
The message that must come out of these tragedies is that multinational chains cannot escape their responsibilities by relocating their businesses to developing countries or by holding their hands up and claiming they are not responsible for their supply chain.
The International Labour Organisation has quoted stark yearly estimates for fatal accidents and work-related diseases in this country.
and it will reinforce cooperation and data sharing between public authorities.
We have seen from the experience of OLAF that sometimes you have very strong tools for fighting corruption but that these are not framed by a good legal basis in respect of civil rights and freedoms.
I am glad to note that the report initiated by the Committee on Regional Development also takes into account the views of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
Member States which favour a time-based system should be allowed to continue to operate such a system.
It intends to propose an initiative this year to promote distance-based tolling.
Marlene Mizzi (S&D), in writing.
In particular, this text seems to ignore the existence of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, which was approved in Palermo by 124 countries in December 2000 and has been fully operational since 2003.
Organised crime is widespread and in order to tackle the various types of crime, e.g. cyber-crime, money laundering, illegal gambling, etc., we need EU-wide action.
As in the example I gave above, we need European policies that take into account the living and working conditions of women moving away to take seasonal jobs in agriculture.
Furthermore, the ongoing financial crisis complicates the decisions to be taken by consumers and makes the need for efficient, transparent, reliable and comparable information, a necessity.
Madam President, one of the great things about the single market is the ability of consumers in one Member State to be able to purchase goods and perhaps services in another Member State, and that is one of the great advantages.
But the downside to that is when consumers face problems.
At a global level, European consumers are facing new challenges such as the globalisation of markets, financial deregulation, the digitisation of the economy and the aging population.
Many of my constituents in Wales have been active in campaigning against those companies which promote powdered baby milk in developing countries.
We know that reporting requirements are essential for transparency and for investor confidence.
I want to thank you for your efforts but also the staff working under my responsibility for their efforts.
I look forward to these reports being adopted in this Parliament in due course.
It affects people when they put petrol in the car and it is not right, fundamentally, that people are paying more while companies are booking high profits on the basis of – potentially – manipulated prices.
We know the problem, as it has been outlined by several speakers, but we need political action, political will and above all public resources to deal with it.
For three years now we have created a momentum through our international cooperation.
Yes, this is a very important issue.
Referring to enforcement and control and combating IUU, we have a lot to do and we have to work on it together.
But let me also highlight other positive elements in this compromise.
We need some legislative changes, because without legislative changes we will not reach any common ground.
I urge the High Representative as well as the Commissioner to step up their efforts to use all tools to pressurise the Turkish Government to stop their authoritarian rule and the violence.
That is why, in my view, the EEAS is fundamentally flawed.
The reality is that there are up to 200 million women missing from the world’s population because of gender-based abortion and infanticide.
At international level, I agree on the need to adopt a press and media strategy within EU foreign policy, involving in this effort multilateral bodies such as the Council of Europe, the OECD and the United Nations.
This is why my group has tabled a number of split votes to your report, and is why we could not support it at committee.
We are exploring new areas of cooperation as we are beginning to broaden out our strategic engagement vis-à-vis the Asia-Pacific region.
Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
I still remember a former President speaking here in this House.
All have acted cohesively since even before the coup d’état of 22 March 2012.
In the interim period, the Afghan Government has concluded a number of more specific and much shorter agreements with some of our Member States.
The June European Council will be a further step in our efforts to return to growth, embed stability, create jobs and improve competitiveness in Europe.
It will be effective only if that confidence is soundly based.
I would like to thank you for the very intense and the hugely productive engagement that we have enjoyed over the last six months and in this, of course, I would like to include the many plenary meetings in relation to which I would like to thank the President and all of the Vice-Presidents for their support, the multiple meetings in smaller formats with committees, with the Conference of Committee Chairs, with rapporteurs, with political groups, contact groups, and so on.
Syed Kamall (ECR).
I repeat that in committee I voted against those other parts of the package that are not in Malta’s interest such as the recast of the Dublin Regulation and reiterate that I will vote against any amendments to the Dublin Regulation that do not address the core issue of effective solidarity.
In essence, this provision means all those who come to Europe seeking protection from persecution will be treated as potential criminals from the outset.
Why is food production more important in one country and not another?
In any system like that it is clear that people will resort to illegal means and game the system.
We also have to understand the Member States.
I would like to finish with some data.
The EU public sector information market for digital content products and services was estimated to be worth EUR 28 billion in 2008.
The global goal must be the eradication of poverty.
Therefore I have suggested the following text: ‘Consents to the conclusion of the agreement;
As the rapporteur clearly highlighted in his explanatory statement, the second revision of the Cotonou Agreement has much to recommend it.
I believe that we need to work with the partner countries that understand our position on sexual minority issues, in particular, to help us to convince the ACP parties in general that it should be reflected in our next-generation treaty with the ACP countries.
That where terminations do take place in the circumstances outlined they should of course, be ‘safe’ and subject to full regulation and inspection requirements as advocated by professional bodies.
In favour.
I also call on the Council to deal with existing financial services and banking supervision regulations to ensure these important banking reforms are implemented as soon as possible.
In the resolution the European Parliament recalls its willingness to complete first readings on at least all the Commission proposals on financial services that are currently on the table before the term comes to an end in spring 2014.
The British Embassy there had a total of 15 staff, including the native people, the driver and the receptionist and so on.
I would also like to draw your attention to the fact that this proposal is linked to another proposal which you will soon debate regarding the responsibilities of EU flag states for enforcing an agreement of the EU social partners on the Maritime Labour Convention.
This year is important for the entire seafaring community, as the International Labour Organization’s Maritime Labour Convention enters into force in August.
It will also guarantee equal conditions for competition for EU-flagged ships.
It is also invited to give input to a parallel study which will gather data about the various facets of a business transfer.
We fully endorse the view that a modern, well-functioning bioeconomy is a prerequisite for achieving the objectives of the Europe 2020 Strategy.
Good legislation should be based upon solid evidence and data;
it should not rely purely on political negotiation over months and months in order to get it right.
Antigoni Papadopoulou (S&D), in writing.
I voted for this proposal as it advances sustainability whilst also promoting development and economic growth.
However, as usual, the detail of such development is key.
In order to exclude single parents, grandparents, their grandchildren, uncles and aunts and, of course, same-sex parents.
Have you noticed that in Budapest recently?
First, the Commission is ready to examine the suggestions made for an initial introduction of the tax with lower rates for products of specific market segments.
As I explained also in the Committee on Budgetary Control, most of the investigations OLAF carries out are well below EUR 1 million and that explains that investigative activity is based on several criteria and not on the one specific criterion.
As is the case every year, this report will provide the Commission with important input on its future work in fighting against fraud to the EU financial interests.
Ever-closer union has become synonymous with ever-more meddling regardless of whether it is the right thing to do, either for our economy or for our people.
That is why I would like to see President Barroso use the last few months of his term to take on those on the left and the Socialists who are actually preventing these reforms.
As is now the tradition every June, we discussed and endorsed the country-specific recommendations, thus closing this year’s European Semester, which is the cornerstone of our new economic governance.
We really need to do something to put this to bed or to put it on the agenda.
The last point I would like to make concerns the deepening of the Economic and Monetary Union.
Last week we saw an important breakthrough with the Council’s agreement on a common approach to dealing with failing banks without relying on taxpayers’ money.
Mr President, I would like to tackle three topics in this debate: the agreement on the MFF – which Joseph Daul has also mentioned – the non-agreement on the banking union – let us be honest: there was an agreement in Ecofin on the Resolution Directive, but not on the main issue of the resolution fund – and the new revelations on NSA spying in the European Union.
The MFF on the table is the most valuable instrument that we have at our disposal to make an impact and make a difference.
Next year, 2014, brings the European elections.
Richard Ashworth, on behalf of the ECR Group.
You have requested that the Council participate in this debate, and the Lithuanian Presidency, representing the Council, is ready to do so.
I believe, Madam Commissioner, that it is high time we concluded the negotiations on the Umbrella Agreement.
The earlier disclosure of information about the surveillance programmes operated by the US National Security Agency has understandably raised a number of complex questions and serious concerns about the effects on EU citizens.
Is blanket surveillance of millions of innocent citizens a matter of national security?
I do not buy that any more.
So far ‘more for more’ rings hollow, as a hollow promise.
This step further means that a European-level campaign will be held – should be held – in order to maximise the awareness of the citizens of Europe that politics today is more than national.
We believe that including this specific measure is important, as it has become one of the most common ways to commit cyber-attacks today.
From a foreign affairs perspective, this proposal definitely increases the strength and visibility of a common EU approach to protecting and fighting attacks against information systems in the world.
I urge him to pursue the development of an online searchable database which has been proposed but I believe much more can be done to enhance oversight.
Certainly there is still room for improvement and that is why a review process is ongoing.
We need to finish negotiations by December.
Congratulations to the Croatian Members.
I congratulate you and your country on the Presidency.
Wales is proud to be part of a Europe which values tolerance, peace and equality, and we must protect those shared values when they come under threat.
If we want to reduce fraud we should take decisions more closely to the people that they affect.
The draft text is a weak compromise.
A Uachtaráin, bhí áthas orm tacaíocht a thabhairt do mo Ghrúpa sna vótaí go léir ar an tuarascáil seo.
Common sanctions must be agreed upon as well as similar legal punishments for these crimes.
and, lastly, no official result is to be published in any Member State until after close of polling in the Member State whose electors are the last to vote on Sunday, 25 May 2014.
The time has come for Member States and the EU Council to take responsibility for arms deals and that is why the S&D Group decided to abstain in today’s vote.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
The EU supported Djibouti’s cautious but steady approach to electoral and political reform prior to the legislative elections in February 2013.
Mr President, Commissioner Barnier and speakers from all sides of the House have pointed out the need to complete the digital single market.
To put something mandatory into legislation which is based on uncertain modelling is something that I would be very fearful of supporting.
Níl aon chonspóid faoin díospóireacht seo mar a bhí againn sa díospóireacht níos luaithe agus bhí sé sásúil éisteacht leis an méid a bhí a rá leis an gCoimisinéir ag Jerzy Buzek agus ag Judith Merkies faoin ábhar seo.
So these are the areas in which we are working concretely, and the report on where the gaps are and on the solutions to them will come out in the course of this year.
The two mechanisms which are the essential element of this amendment were needed in order to have a visa waiver system which is not open to abuse but which also ensures that all EU citizens are treated equally by our third country partners.
However, the Council, as you know, is ready to agree a two-stage mechanism where, in the end, the Commission would be obliged to ensure reciprocity.
Liam Aylward, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Paul Nuttall, on behalf of the EFD Group.
Oh no, it is about us!
is currently at its historical lowest, less than 1% for the North Sea’.
Please do not dilute the message.
and the evaluation of the possibility that costs not related to the military operations per se be charged to the EU budget.
If we adopt this report, we will be making ourselves a laughing stock in international security circles.
The first DCFTA negotiations started with Ukraine in 2008 as soon as it had become a member of the WTO, the World Trade Organization.
Russia is openly using imperialist language in the region neighbouring the EU.
Timothy Kirkhope, on behalf of the ECR Group.
Emer Costello (S&D).
Evaluation of the former Strategy has required an in-depth analysis of the occupational safety and health situation to assess the Strategy’s impact in various areas: the impact on workers and companies, in particular on SMEs, and in relation to different national contexts.
It will be about whether you want merely to shuffle the deck of cards or to throw the deck out completely and start afresh.
We have to finish connecting Europe.
I am sure you all know Justus Lipsius.
Whether defending our interests in international trade, securing our energy provision, or restoring people’s sense of fairness by fighting tax fraud and tax evasion, it is only by acting as a Union that we pull our weight on the world stage.
Safeguarding its values, such as the rule of law, is what the European Union was made to do, from its inception to the latest chapters in enlargement.
In his group Mr Callanan has three Members who represent Gibraltar and yet he has said nothing about the frustration over the summer of the right to free movement of the people of Gibraltar or the harassment they have been suffering.
I am not alone in saying this.
In other words, next to inflation targeting, you should have gross domestic product targeting.
We have already provided EUR 1.3 billion between the institutions of the European Union and Member States, but honourable Members will know too that the UN estimates that much more will be needed.
That is our right;
Syed Kamall (ECR).
How is an employer supposed to assess that?
Mr President, two weeks ago the British Government suffered a humiliating defeat when MPs felt the pressure of the mass of the population against going to war once more.
We have no increase in the eel population and we have many eel fishermen unemployed with no hope of re-opening eel fisheries.
I can only say that I am profoundly grateful, and again overwhelmed, and again humbled, by that.
To bring clarity to these matters and to future issues, the Commission will continue to work in the same spirit of loyal and constructive cooperation with the incoming European Ombudsman, Ms Emily O’Reilly, whom I would like to congratulate on her election and whom I look forward to meeting very soon.
But when it comes to Europe and the ETS, as you know, the Commission already in the summer of 2012 undertook steps to correct the shortcomings of the EU emissions trading scheme and strengthen it, based on a two-step approach.
The deadline for objecting was 3 September, one day after we came back from recess.
So here we have yet another argument for voting for this agreement.
The European Union is concerned at the guilty verdict issued last July by the court in Moscow against Sergei Magnitsky and William Browder.
The fish industry is therefore essential for the development of these archipelagos.
Furthermore, the economic, educational and political empowerment of women is necessary, as well as the introduction of strict rules for clinics and hospitals in order to prevent sex selection.
However, since this report calls for abolishing the 3 % deficit rule of the Stability and Growth Pact, I abstained.
In fact the Spanish Government has now withdrawn its participation from established three-way talks with the Gibraltar and UK Governments on this and many other subjects.
I agree with the conclusions of this report and have voted in favour of its adoption.
Rapid transitions have been taking place in recent decades in the area of dynamics of power, demographic change, climate change, urbanisation, technology, etc., and we can expect to witness more such transitions in the coming years.
This new global context will evolve with a higher than usual level of uncertainty.
On 12 December 2012, the recast of the Brussels I Regulation on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters was signed.
Shipownersʼ fees have been reduced.
As a party we voted to support the motion as the vote prevents the protocol, and thus the agreement.
Madam President, I am grateful for this opportunity to contribute and respond to the question from the Industry, Research and Energy Committee.
It asked the Commission and the Member States to consider designating 2015 the European Year on Zero Tolerance for Violence against Women.
It will make a difference on the ground.
Mr President, investment, in its simplest form, is the deferral of present consumption in order to facilitate production that will enable greater enrichment in the future.
Brian Simpson, rapporteur.
I know about these too, because I have visited them in our Member States, and I know perfectly well how difficult it is for mayors, for instance, living in a small village, when a large number of people come to the village and try to establish themselves, to keep things in balance.
The first strategy is what I call the Breivik strategy.
It also enables the EU to underline the importance of respect for international law and human rights.
We owe it to all those who might be tempted to cross the Mediterranean to the European Union to ensure that similar tragedies are not allowed to happen again.
It is therefore rather disappointing to me that my Spanish friends in the PPE Group are attempting to exclude the UK from this measure in order to make a territorial point.
I think Eurosur can be a very important tool when it comes to inter-agency cooperation, near-real-time information exchange and solidarity.
But from December 2014, the Commission will be able, if needed, to use infringement proceedings.
I do not know what definition of morality exists which says that Syrian refugees are living in desperation in their own region but become illegal migrants within our own.
At the same time I have been keen to ensure that the final text provides for essential safety checks to be in place for health professionals, by tightening up the rules on language checks so that we can be sure professionals have the necessary skills and ability to communicate with patients before they can work in the UK.
Moreover, we, as Greens, are generally critical of a systematic recourse to bilateral negotiations.
The Commission’s regulation contains detailed limits and provisions which effectively address the safety standards for pilots, when considered as a whole package rather than a set of individual requirements.
The European Professional Card is therefore being introduced as a tool for recognition of professional qualifications in other Member States.
The information printed on labels should be used to positively influence diet choices.
As we have heard, it was a while ago that the republic had as its president a Dalit.
The only way to halt the breeding ground for sectarian violence is the prospect of a secure, stable and decent future for all.
Mr President, firstly I welcome today’s condemnations from all sides of the House of the persecution of Christians.
or the heart-breaking stories of young children who cannot understand why other children refuse to play with them.
It appears that the Committee on Petitions has become one of the clearest practical examples of what European citizenship means.
It has been positive to see this strong backing.
I have received one motion for a resolution(1) tabled in accordance with Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure.
Neven Mimica, Member of the Commission.
The EU may sign an Association Agreement, including a Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area (DCFTA), with Ukraine.
Obviously we need to do something about that.
On confiscation – and many of you mentioned this – why are they engaged in organised crime?
We do not see yet clearly, what type of terrorist groups and organised crime activities will be brought to the surface by the ongoing processes and uncontrolled violence at the ‘Arab Spring’ region especially in Egypt and Syria.
Significant work has been undertaken to interconnect certain Member State registers in the field of justice.
We believe that the views of the European Parliament are particularly important in this area, which affects the daily lives of all European citizens.
We have read with interest the draft motion for a resolution on which you are due to vote tomorrow.
I would say to colleagues about, for example, the European Arrest Warrant: it does not work well unless issues of proportionality and other issues are working extremely well using e-Justice tools.
Figures show that mobile EU citizens are more likely to be of working age and more economically active than nationals.
In fact the latest figure shows that there are just 38 000 EU nationals in the UK claiming job-seekers allowance.
I do not want to undermine what has already been achieved, and I think there is a general consensus between you on many issues.
There is also a general consensus about helping to promote local and small-scale fisheries.
In theory, that should work very well, but examples have shown where it has failed us.
I think it is worth stating for the record here in plenary that the Commission and the Member States have carried out joint audits of notified bodies.
Given the positive impact that trade policy can have on the daily lives of EU citizens, the relevant budget lines should receive sufficient financial and human resources.
I have voted in favour.
This points, I would argue, to more European inter-dependence.
A foreign policy without strategic goals is a vehicle going nowhere.
The EU should stand firmly behind The Netherlands.
it is about resource efficiency, energy efficiency and changing our economy from a linear to a circular one.
You cannot have one without the other.
It is 15 years since we took that decision to have a common migration policy.
EU red tape is no different.
This Semester is of growing importance.
Yesterday’s General Affairs Council concluded our evaluation phase.
There is a long way to go.
I believe that Member States are best placed to protect their citizens in foreign policy and this is not the direction EU evolution should be going in.
However, my support for Amendment 6 does not mean that I support the EU-US TTIP-negotiations.
it is to be considered as a part of a broader picture, that is to say a tool that could bring the necessary conditions to foster and combine both investment and competition, and thus have an impact on citizens’ lives.
While the Commission has the obligation to review the framework periodically and has recently committed to a review of two integral parts of the framework (Directive 2002/58/EC on privacy and electronic communications and the recommendation on relevant markets) it has not so far announced its intention of a whole review.
I voted to support this report on the budget for 2014.
I am very glad that the vote was in favour of a reasonable approach and is not supporting increasing or renewing the fleet.
and publicly invest in research in clean and sustainable energy.
These proposals foster competition and consumer choice.
However, they are on the verge of becoming outdated and are insufficiently interconnected.
The purpose of cohesion policy is to reduce disparities between the EU’s various regions by promoting economic growth, job creation and competitiveness.
So I urge Members not to support this report.
If you believe in the wickedness of CO2 emissions, which most of you mistakenly do, then you should hate the Strasbourg circus for that reason.
I am interested in why the Doha Agenda stalled in 2008.
The debate is closed.
Retail investors must know what they will pay, for what, and the impact that it will have on their investment.
All the colleagues who claim – and I would support very much what the Commissioner said – that there is no result from the negotiations between Parliament and the Council have simply missed the last nine months in Parliament.
all of them could make a weighty contribution to achieving growth and competitiveness and reaching the EU 2020 strategic targets, as long as EU uses efficiently funds from the EU budget in the form of grants and financial instruments to help promote selected projects of European interest, without undermining the fact that there are regional territories and countries that lack skills and incentives and therefore need special focus.
Kay Swinburne (ECR), in writing.
Such improvements to EU procurement are to be welcomed.
Gerard Batten (EFD).
Mr Tannock also recognised the importance of this so-called comprehensive approach.
I am glad to have heard the supportive voices, especially those of Ms Harkin and Ms Costello, on the importance of microfinance in Ireland and also on the capacity of social enterprise and the social economy in the United Kingdom.
Farmers are leaving Latvian farms, while land is being obtained by pension funds and oligarchs from other countries.
This is reason why the Commission will move ahead to start putting in place a clear framework for climate and energy policies beyond 2020.
This great Union of countries is a great example of togetherness and unity.
More timely figures from Eurostat are needed to solve this problem, as well as some type of midterm review.
By adopting this directive, Parliament is sending a signal to governments and to listed companies that it is no longer acceptable to leave most corporate decision making in the hands of men.
Marta Andreasen (ECR), in writing.
I voted in favour of this report because it is part of the whole CAP reform and is of great importance to the Welsh economy.
It will come as a surprise to people that I support an increase in the budget here.
Mr President, honourable Members, first of all I would like to thank you for this debate.
Gerben-Jan Gerbrandy (ALDE).
The faster flow of goods across borders is of benefit for all, including developing countries.
This remains a time of economic difficulty and therefore I cannot support duplicative policy exercises put forward in this report which would cause unnecessary increases in EU costs.
The Commission's proposed Strategic Innovation Agenda (SIA) of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT) outlines the priorities for 2014-2020.
I hope that they will, and I hope that the Commission will let it go through.
Maria Damanaki, Member of the Commission.
Mr President, we are here to discuss a very thorny issue in Parliament: the proposal for the North-East Atlantic fisheries and deep-sea fisheries.
So it will not be a decision taken by a Commissioner.
But having listened to his contribution, I would have to ask the question: do we enter into negotiations for a compromise in all good faith?
Let me explain this a little bit further.
I would like to remind you that we already have an agreement with Morocco, including the Western Sahara territory.
The Commission would like to once again underline that it strongly condemns all manifestations of racism, xenophobia and intolerance.
The European Parliament now needs to give its consent to the text and I am sure that it will do that swiftly.
It coincides as well with a massive protest movement on the Chalkidiki peninsula in Greece against the gold mine operated by a subsidiary of the Canadian mining company Eldorado Gold.
We had some reservations about the inclusion of drugs, as this might create a wrong perception that drugs should be primarily addressed from the justice perspective.
the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement and the Strategic Partnership Agreement under negotiation are of critical strategic importance and will enhance the relationship between the EU and Canada.
Aldo Patriciello (PPE), in writing.
Kristiina Ojuland (ALDE), in writing.
There have been some significant improvements on the proposals originally considered in committee;
Antigoni Papadopoulou (S&D), in writing.
This is a lost opportunity and a bad sign of the direction in which this Parliament is going.
The Estrela report looked at the situation in the EU and set out a common EU approach to ensure SRHR are prioritised and promoted.
Firstly, there are still doubts as to whether the Commission has demonstrated that this agreement is done with the consent of the Sahrawi people or will benefit the wider population.
In the long term, this would prove beneficial for these countries.
The Partnership is being tested by the decision of Ukraine not to sign the AA/DCFTA at this stage, but the European Union has come out stronger because it did not compromise when faced with external pressure.
(Applause)
In the event of underperformance, funds will be reallocated.
Equally we have to align everything with our resources, which are increasingly restrained due to the financial pressure generated by the current crisis.
Last but not least, I would like to thank the Commission and EEAS for their contribution and for their many positive suggestions which were key to helping us reach such a balanced outcome.
Before the elections and also after the elections, a whole number of important reforms were made and now I would like to give thanks to the current government but also to the current opposition.
That is something that I am afraid the people of Kashmir will remind us about one day.
I am also grateful that Mr Kukan included my amendment on Russia, and in particular my concern about Mikhail Khodorkovsky, a concern shared by so many of us in this House.
And all you do is wheel out the Globalisation Adjustment Fund, trying to conceal the fact that company after company is closing under the weight of EU inflicted regulation, when you cannot even keep well-established companies going.
Ms Cornelissen talked about success stories with older workers and how the fund improved the prospects of workers with low educational attainment.
The Commission is satisfied that the Council approved the general approach regarding this proposal in June, and it welcomes the draft recommendation submitted to this plenary session of the European Parliament for debate.
We cleared 12 cases with commitments and approved almost 200 cases without conditions.
instead, it intends to opt into the 35 worst and most dangerous.
Agreeing on funding is just the beginning of a long and complex process.
Madam President, the civil protection mechanism means in effect civil protection money, but the European Union does not have any money;
Indeed, let me stress that we are harnessing the solidarity of the Solidarity Fund, as we have worked together to make sure that the Solidarity Fund and the Civil Protection Mechanism can effectively be deployed with simplified decision-making for Solidarity Fund deployment.
Julie Girling, on behalf of the ECR Group.
Trading at a global level as relationships depends on building strong links to bind the partners together.
This is one of the novelties of the scheme brought about by the new GSP Regulation.
Mr President, I would first like to thank Parliament for its interest and involvement in the promotion of green infrastructure.
Graham Watson (ALDE).
An Action Plan was adopted a year ago.
With that I come to the economic situation.
With these contractual arrangements, we want to add the element of motivation, the element of financial support for reforms which are sometimes very difficult, which are costly, which of course are not easy to implement.
Let us be clear what this means.
Since the coup d’état organised by the Seleka rebels in early 2013, there has been a widespread breakdown of law and order in the country and human rights violations have become a daily occurrence.
The restoration of peace was a great relief for the whole population but of course, there is much for the government to do in order to rebuild infrastructure, resettle IDPs and to ensure that human rights are applied universally, fairly and consistently.
Let us set a target, let us have a Commissioner, and let us deal with it.
No, I have a more noble vision for the office of President of our House.
As Parliamentarians who are directly elected, each and every one of us, we should not simply be presented with a pre-cooked deal to just rubber stamp.
This Presidency comes at the start of a new parliamentary term: a term that will be of critical importance for the future of the European Union;
What more can the European Union do during the Italian Presidency to support this moderate monarchy and key ally in peace with Israel and peace in the region and a two-state solution?
When I talk about change, I am talking about real change – not what Mr Kamall is calling for.
Κι ο ρυθμός της ευρωπαϊκής ενοποίησης επιταχύνεται συνεχώς.
We have almost doubled the membership.
Today the newly elected President will discuss with the new college how the policy objective behind the proposal could be taken up in a different form, taking account of societal developments since 2008 as well as the social and economic effects of any EU initiative in this field.
We did not fix our figures to qualify in 2006.
To be asked to vote in secret is a huge insult to voters.
Mr President, the Crimean occupation and continued aggression in eastern Ukraine have more than ever displayed the need for even deeper and more integrated cooperation, not only between European countries but between the EU and the US as well.
Well we will soon know whether the European Parliament has the guts to take the decisions necessary to bring this back under control.
We have got all these programmes
I remember myself marching through the streets of Glasgow protesting ‘Not in my nameʼ in advance of the illegal invasion of Iraq by the coalition of the willing.
Secondly, the text fails to mention a number of facts that my colleague has already listed.
The above-mentioned amendments mainly provide for adding the crime of aggression to the list of crimes falling under ICC jurisdiction, thereby completing the ICC jurisdiction and deterring Member States from illegal use of force.
This applies to the various forms of dual training, apprenticeship models, but also how the public employment services function in these countries, and I strongly believe that good social dialogue and social partnership also contribute to finding the right solutions and the right ways forward.
In order to achieve sustained employability, we need to create jobs in the short term, but also create long-term high-quality jobs and a business environment that will enable employers to hire more people.
My question is therefore very simple.
Therefore, we call on the government of Sudan to release these political prisoners and to guarantee the human rights of all its citizens.
I know that this Parliament does not always support democracy.
both the present one and the future one.
Such artificially low investment in research will also negatively impact on other initiatives such as the Digital Agenda, the energy technologies plan and our climate change policies.
This is the biggest challenge to the economy and employment.
A lot of things will take place that will, together, hopefully create momentum.
It is a tall order for a one-day summit, but do we have an alternative while glaciers are melting?
Over 150 000 citizens responded to your consultation because they, like me, are concerned among other things about the fact that an arbitration panel, which will make final decisions, will not be subject to the ECJ, for example.
They would know that NATO does not want Ukraine.
There is no time to rest.
The 1975 Helsinki Act clearly stipulates that borders may not be changed through military force.
Under the 1990 Paris Charter, it is reiterated that ‘within the framework of international law, all the participating States have equal rights and duties.
and we will start our work.
The pretext for Russia’s military action against Ukraine was the choice – by the free will of the Ukrainian people and the country’s new leadership – of a European perspective to create new and more transparent governance, to fight corruption and to develop a free-trade exchange with the European Union.
It is as if a young couple’s parents had decided after the wedding to postpone the honeymoon for 15 months.
So they will continue to be able to export onto our European markets as if the agreement were already in force.
Glory to Ukraine!
Linda McAvan, on behalf of the S&D Group.
Let me first start with the question of whether Europe acted quickly.
This is all the more tragic as genuine diplomacy is what is needed at this pivotal moment in history.
One important step they should take is to ensure that oil which is still flowing is not sold by illegitimate terrorist groups, and in this sense I emphasise EU-based and international companies’ own responsibility to refrain from purchasing such oil.
We can – and need to – do more to find a permanent solution in this long and ongoing conflict.
Israel must halt and withdraw from all illegal settlements, which are currently undermining the two-stage solution.
I personally believe in research and development and innovation.
As a British person I am ashamed.
Gabrielius Landsbergis (PPE).
We see everyday stories and images of great suffering which lead us to realise that further urgent action is needed.
Despite the wettest winter ever in the United Kingdom last year, our Government is failing to allocate the necessary resources to deal with increased flood risk as a result of climate change.
Why is Nigeria doing better?
Mr President, I would first of all like to reply to some of the criticism when the Commission said that the risk of the disease spreading in Europe remains low.
(Applause and cries of ‘Hear, hear!’)
But now we can ask, are we stronger or weaker?
I very often had to call on my colleagues in the European Council, Heads of State and Government, to show the ethics of European responsibility.
Mr President, during the negotiations on the 2015 budget, my Group strongly supported the need to focus on administration efficiency and selected priorities.
Last month I expressed before this House the Commission’s concern about the position taken by the Council in its reading of the 2015 Budget.
Taking into account the call from some colleagues for close monitoring of the implementation of the ATMs and for more reassurance on deadlines, I will urge the Commission to continue to monitor the effects closely.
This is a very important step in the right direction which will give Member States greater flexibility, which is much needed.
The European Semester is a helpful tool in providing input, international and economic decision-making, and it is a step towards fiscal and economic union, but we have just heard Mr Woolfe’s passionate plea, so the wolf pack is on our heels.
So I am particularly pleased that my country, the UK, has announced yesterday that it will be deploying intelligence and armed drones across parts of Syria, marking a welcome shift away from the policy of engaging only in Iraq.
Tunne Kelam (PPE), in writing.
The idea of freedom cannot be killed.
We know that many of these organisations recruit via the internet.
That is why we have started a dialogue with internet providers to see if we can cooperate in developing counter-narratives online and in cooperation, for instance, with returned people who can tell their stories.
We have a dramatic humanitarian situation.
The voters on the right side of the House – there are very few people left there – they also want a change;
He has never been elected to anything in his life – which means he is perfect for the job.
Because this was the illogical consequence of the argument – that when the economy is doing well in any country in the world, it has the right to suppress human rights.
President.
And in answer to the colleague over there, it is absolutely not true that EU money is a waste.
Madam President, the European Union has long been a friend of Northern Ireland and I am glad tonight to hear that this supportive role will continue in the coming months.
Mr Paşcu, Ahmed Ben Bella, a farmer who rose in Algeria to free his country from the yoke of French colonialism, once said that colonialism is an idea born in the West that drives countries to occupy other countries.
Steven Woolfe, on behalf of the EFDD Group.
What I will be speaking about is the Juncker problem.
and, if we do so, companies will, as we have done within Europe within our non-financial reporting directive, adopt these practices.
Jonathan Arnott (EFDD), blue-card question.
Corina Creţu, Member of the Commission.
Does it, for example, come from the European Union taxpayer, and do you perhaps think that there are any costs when that money comes from the European Union taxpayer?
We are therefore mobilising experts from all over the EU to conduct regular technical examinations of technological developments to ensure that our controls are up to date.
Better regulation can mean replacing 28 national regulations by one clear EU regulation, but it can also mean that the EU refrains from making regulations where perhaps the differences between the Member States are so big that if you make an EU regulation, it becomes so complicated that it is too much of a burden, especially on small and medium-sized enterprises.
Well, we have criminalised FGM, we have criminalised forced marriage, we have passed something called Clare’s Law, which allows the police to disclose information on request about a partner’s previous history of violence, thus waiving that partner’s rights to protection under the Data Protection Act.
Before we alert men to change their behaviour, we should impress this upon women: please do not accept this as a normal situation.
Two final points.
Member States have put in place implementing legislation, but effective protection to victims of this discrimination on the ground still has to be improved.
Stress tests are now part of the European supervisory toolbox.
and it is also the prism through which I intend to look at the question of regulation and regulation of the banking sector.
Mr President, while the recent stress tests of European banks have shone the spotlight on some of the weakest sections of the banking sector, this should not divert attention from the need for decisive structural reform of the banking industry.
It favours the backbenchers from the small groups and the non-attached Members.
Unfortunately, since the murder of Yitzhak Rabin, successive Israeli governments have demonstrated neither political will nor good faith in dealing with make-or-break issues.
That means expanding our international trade agenda.
In this connection, G20 leaders welcomed the Commission’s EUR 300 billion investment package, and the Brisbane action plan notes that the European Union announced in October a major initiative mobilising additional public and private investment over the years 2015 to 2017.
I usually understand when the S&D goes in that direction, but not when the EPP goes that way.
Mr President, the Digital Single Market can, if we do the right things, transform the European economy from being the world’s biggest economy to being the world’s biggest and most dynamic market, but that requires that we understand the freedom of the internal market and the reforms we need to make, but also the freedom of the internet, and that we are able to take decisive decisions that we more or less all know what it is about.
We need systemic and clear competitive rules for all, but we should also accept the ways the market works.
That is why I am prepared to enter into the negotiations to help consumers and businesses to trade in this marketplace.
There are many people who want to invest in the energy sector, but until they have an energy union they cannot do so as easily as, say, in the food sector.
Mr Weber has given a number of examples: labour market, pension market and, for me, you can even talk about conditionality here.
In our human rights dialogue with Pakistan in June we discussed the blasphemy laws.
This also needs to be the message of today’s debate.
(Applause)
More than ever, international coordinated action is needed to end illegal wildlife trade, stop poaching and the increasing rate of biodiversity loss.
Madam President, Commissioner Vella regrets that he is not able to be in Strasbourg today.
It is weakening the effectiveness of the proposal, and I say this also to my colleague Julie Girling, who is saying you can only object on legal grounds.
Because of this proposal we can no longer differentiate between different feedstocks which is one of the three ways by which we can achieve the reduction.
Thirdly, Parliament too has also shown strong interests in Euro-Mediterranean cooperation, and I personally remember very well the three questions I received during my hearing: one from Ms Toia, one from Mr Blanco López and the other from Mr Borrelli – three members of the ITRE Committee – on the importance of the PRIMA initiative.
I am not.
Of course, the Commission will also have priorities in the years after 2015, but these will be in the work programmes for the years to come.
Now on the investment plan: I really regret that the Commission, at least at this stage, missed an opportunity to link the benefits which the investment plan is to bring with the structural changes which need to occur in the Member States.
But that trust was breached when I heard that the air quality package, the waste package and the circular economy would be withdrawn.
President.
We need budget negotiations that are a more joyful event than those we are leaving behind.
On this, again, we need to find ways to step up our financial assistance.
This amount goes beyond the USD 1.6 billion needs of the UNHCR.
Madam President, I think the debate tonight has shown there to be very strong solidarity, which is perhaps appropriate a week before Christmas.
I am looking forward to discussing this internally in the College, with Ministers, and with Members of this Parliament as well.
Those who have dealt with the crisis are the free traders.
The current policy response has actually increased debt levels instead of reducing them.
That is why, dear Commissioner, we, the Greens, believe that the legal revision is urgently needed in order to exit the current stagnation.
Written statements (Rule 162)
I would also raise again in this House, as others have, the case of those still in Guantánamo, such as London resident Shaker Aamer held prisoner, tortured in Bagram, still held after twelve years in Guantánamo, cleared for transfer in 2007.
In 2009, we signed an agreement with the US on some rules, particularly as regards subjecting American officers in service in Poland to Polish jurisdiction.
Yana Toom (ALDE), in writing.
Georgia will, as a result, move closer to the European Union, deepening its political association and economic integration with the EU.
I know you like a cigarette, but I do hope that you are a betting man too or, to use a British phrase, you like a flutter on the horses.
The Commission will continue monitoring the implementation of the agreement and will continue to encourage the Ukrainian Government to order sufficient gas from Russia in January and February.
The next item is the vote.
We see this time and again as technologies are developed.
Let me finish by thanking the rapporteur and all the Members of Parliament involved for their work and their constructive dialogue on this.
The Commission welcomes the views of Parliament and is considering the various recommendations of this report.
The report makes reference to the current pilot project and to the benefits that a virtual EFP centre and the tax-rate calculator could bring in terms of augmenting available information.
As others have said, this is not a report about protectionist measures.
Why should pollen be considered as a natural constituent of honey?
So pollen finds its way into honey, not because the beekeeper introduces it but as a result of the presence and activities of bees.
I must also appeal to this assembly, as Ms Girling did, not to turn the Commission’s proposal into a pro-GM or anti-GM issue.
So, to Ms Silvia-Adriana Ţicău and her staff, well done.
Here in this House we share a real concern that we are adding complexity and will reduce the effectiveness of the measures.
Phil Prendergast (S&D), in writing.
The report also proposes introducing an electronic social-security card to record important data for workers and reduce levels of undeclared work.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
As Conservatives, we want Local Enterprise Partnerships in the UK to make research and innovation a key priority in their development strategies, and to take maximum advantage of  the next 7-year EU funding period.
How can we combine technological innovation and the reduction of CO2 emissions caused by the road sector?
The report by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety (supported by the Greens) maintained the 147g/km 2020 target of the existing regulation but introduced a 2025 target with an indicative range of 105g/km to 120g/km as the average fleet CO2 emission of new light commercial vehicles – to be confirmed by a review.
I am voting in favour of the report on the proposal for a regulation to reduce CO2 emissions from new light commercial vehicles because I see a prospect for achieving that goal.
Catherine Stihler (S&D), in writing.
Reform is not only needed, it is long overdue.
At a time when capitalising on opportunities for growth, particularly in emerging markets, is more important than ever, I believe that this proposal would lead instead to a net reduction in market access and a lessening of the EU Member States’ growth potential.
Hopefully these recommendations will be taken on board in Hercules III, and we can begin to further impede the smuggling and fraudulent activities of criminal gangs that have intimidated many in Northern Ireland and across Europe.
This was essential for Wales.
We know there is a lack of information about rights, such as rights at work.
Dimitrios Kourkoulas, President-in-Office of the Council.
Separately, an EU-US ad-hoc working group on data protection has been established to look into the legal framework for US surveillance activities impacting on persons resident in the European Union.
A strong legislative framework with clear rules that are enforceable – also when data is transferred and processed abroad – is, more than ever, a must.
Safe Harbour, as it stands, does not offer EU citizens any protection against data access requests by the NSA under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) or the Patriot Act in the US, and we have to ask the Commission to consider the vast electronic surveillance carried out by the US as a breach of the present wording of Safe Harbour and limitations for national security.
This procedure may lack any real enforceability, as it is void of any real obligations on the US to take these seriously.
How can I buy Killarney?ʼ And he goes on to say that if he had all the money in the world, he could not buy Killarney.
Mr President, it is very appropriate that we have this opportunity to discuss the positive developments in both Serbia and Kosovo in 2013.
It is important that, alongside them, we maintain the positive momentum of the last year.
I would like to urge the Greek Presidency – the Greek Government – to do its utmost to move forward as far as the main issue with Skopje is concerned.
My friendly advice to them would be to think a bit further.
It is also an indispensable pillar of the single market.
Since then, we have corrected a series of mistakes and shortcomings, and now the programme has begun to yield results.
Angelika Werthmann (ALDE), in writing.
Are you aware of the many people who work in officially precarious workplaces and are actually part of the shadow economy, as was reported in a meeting in Athens in October?
Michael Cashman (S&D).
I am very grateful for the support of Parliament, because, as you know, quite a few Member States oppose having a robust EU budget, the establishment of the Financial Instrument to support the most deprived, and some also a minimum share for the Social Fund.
we fund a large number of NGOs which are proactive in this area, and we remain committed to this cause.
It is important that Parliament has sent a strong and united message asking the Commission to verify the compliance of these schemes with European Union principles and calling on the Socialist Maltese Government to revise its current proposals with a view to bringing them into line with EU’s values.
We need to remove everything which is red tape.
Quite clearly, where it is appropriate, we have those measures and we are not dismantling those.
They put forward no amendments and their input has been nil.
Thankfully, the matter has now been resolved with cooperation from the Commission and others, but it points to the need to have unitary implementation of the Directive across the European Union.
Cooperation amongst them will be a key step in adapting to the changing economic environment.
Delivery is critical to facilitating e-commerce trade.
Mr President, I will do this in English because it will be a lengthy and complicated debate.
There are two things that the Commission presented as ‘new’ elements of the trade defence instruments that we debated at length.
Balance remains the key word in this modernisation process when it comes to reaching a compromise.
I still believe that it is the best option to achieve our legitimate objectives.
strengthening deposit insurance at the European level;
Bas Eickhout (Verts/ALE), blue-card question.
If you do not believe in all those subsidies etc., why then did you draft the CCS report a couple of weeks ago, in which you want both a CCS target for 2020 and subsidies for CCS?
I recognise that this needs subsidies, of course it does, but they have got to be part of national plans to fit national circumstances.
There are, of course, no irrefutable arguments as to the way forward.
Our new rules will only deliver benefits to stocks, fishermen and coastal communities if they are properly enforced.
Mr President, I can only regret that it took such a long time for the European Parliament to arrive at this point, almost a year after the Arms Trade Treaty (ATT) was adopted in New York.
Although the Commission is, sadly, dragging its feet, I am sure the call for reforms from our citizens will only get stronger.
From an Irish perspective, the importance of modernising the copyright law to benefit both the artists and consumers in the digital era can be seen from the recent report on modernising copyright published by the independent Copyright Review Committee.
Daniel Hannan (ECR).
We voted for tougher sanctions: a common set of criminal sanctions for insider dealing and market manipulation.
By improving the design of legislation and simplifying existing rules, the EU can help to ensure the removal of unnecessary regulatory burdens on citizens and businesses – particularly SMEs and micro-enterprises.
This report is a brave attempt to try and shift power downwards, to take decisions more closely to the people they affect and therefore to avoid the duplication, the waste and bureaucracy which is intrinsic in large government and is the single chief reason why the European Union is falling further and further behind and why it is the only continent on earth not experiencing any growth.
I supported this report, which calls for an EU equality roadmap for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex people.
Kay Swinburne (ECR), in writing.
I voted against this report as I am concerned about the possible misuse of the project (non-equitable treatment of MS, the use of this instrument for political purposes) and wish to keep the JS to its original purpose.
Marina Yannakoudakis (ECR).
This is a digital platform where Member States can check whether or not documents are officially registered and whether they are false.
Iñaki Irazabalbeitia Fernández (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Secondly, the penalty point system needs attention.
It is very important to ensure the equal treatment of workers from third countries and national workers in the same sector, in order to avoid exploitation.
It can be good in times of crisis to have a strong president, but I must say that President Yanukovych – with all his powers – has not united the country, but rather has split the country.
If you want to really change something, we have to freeze these assets.
The whole population (of whom 50% are children) is affected, half of them acutely.
We should do everything we can to exert maximum influence on whoever can bring about – or help to bring about – a solution and end the bloodshed.
Only then can we say that the prevailing logic is that of negotiating rather than of fighting.
Zbigniew Zaleski (PPE).
It developed in Belarus before spreading to Lithuania.
It was not a border control operation.
The Commission’s proposal therefore aims to bring more clarity to the text.
They bring growth and investments and we need to protect them.
It was first thought that they were illegal seasonal workers, but in fact they were victims of a forced-labour human trafficking gang.
Despite my support for these measures, however, I abstained in the vote on the final report as Conservative amendments to include Gibraltar in the regulation were rejected.
Whilst we recognise that there is a high prevalence in African countries, we do not believe that it is helpful to refer to ‘recorded countries’ or indeed specific countries.
Looking at how we can better tailor EU legislation to take account of the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises is always worthwhile.
In Croatia, as in other countries with a small open economy, the crisis reduced capital inflows and made them more expensive, and it weakened exports.
Geoffrey Van Orden, author.
The action plan promotes a comprehensive and multidisciplinary approach.
I do not think that this elimination can be effected through the passage of laws.
Together with my colleagues, I have taken note of your concern and we will make sure that these are taken into account by the Commission for the implementation of NAIADES II.
Let us be honest, we have already said a few times that the proposal of the Council is not acceptable and that we need another one.
Anna Maria Corazza Bildt, on behalf of the PPE Group.
On the issue of rural access to broadband, I think the point is well made.
We have pushed for progress against significant time constraints and many competing dossiers which are on the table to be finalised within the European Parliament mandate.
At European level, the task will be to produce further proposals to deal with other websites.
Sylvie Goulard (ALDE), blue-card question.
Because we know how difficult the situation remains in many Member States, especially with unemployment and youth unemployment so high.
We have, in short, started down the path of a Deep and Genuine Economic and Monetary Union to fix the structural faults that lay hidden during the good times, and have now put in place a more sustainable model.
So that is the big message from my committee which I hope will be taken on board.
It is the consequence of this development, but unfortunately it is always lagging behind.
The debate today has demonstrated clearly that the European Semester is not just an obscure bureaucratic procedure of interest to the institutions.
I strongly support measures to tackle poverty and social exclusion;
The agreement not only protects the climate but will also save consumers money and will boost innovation and competitiveness in the EU car industry, creating much needed jobs in the process.
or the ‘super-credits’ regime that allows manufacturers to benefit from the production of ultra-low polluting cars that go beyond the minimum targets.
I strongly support the outcome of the vote.
Kay Swinburne (ECR), in writing.
Establishment of a common regulatory framework for railway safety with safety rules, certification and tasks, will bring better harmonisation of the system as whole.
At the time, the objective of the Regulation was to put railway undertakings in other transport modes on an equal competitive footing.
This directive would benefit the 167 million citizens of the European Union who have difficulties accessing public websites.
eCall will be installed in all vehicles, starting with certain categories, and with the capability for handling eCalls in the telecommunication networks.
It is of crucial importance mandatorily to introduce in-vehicle parts of the eCall service in new types of approved vehicles in selected categories in Europe.
We have to play a role in this by using our expertise to show them how we can do things another way.
Charles Tannock, on behalf of the ECR Group.
As that debate develops, let us remember the context.
Would you be so kind to explain to me why this body is so obsessed with Hungary when it comes to human rights violations?
Well, in fact, the Commission has established a fruitful, regular and intensive exchange with this Parliament, but not only with this Parliament but also with national parliaments and with the Member States concerning the improvement of fundamental rights legislation.
The perpetrators of the attempted bombings in London on 21[nbsp ]July 2005 are also being brought to justice because of the European Arrest Warrant.
I do not agree with that conclusion.
The Commission applauds their work in rebalancing this instrument, and in particular their strong advocacy for strengthening the fundamental rights safeguards it contains.
This was very helpful and it once again highlights the importance of the European Parliament in the co-decision procedure.
I would like to make some factual comments on remarks that have been made, then I will respond to our two rapporteurs, whom I thank for their work on behalf of their committee.
Mr President, millions of young people are struggling today to gain a foothold in the European labour market.
However, despite an overall positive evaluation, review reports presented by the European Commission point to imperfections in the functioning of the system, especially with regard to the gaps in the EAW Framework Decision.
We hope these restrictions will go some way towards deterring young people from starting to smoke.
Glenis Willmott (S&D), in writing.
Claudette Abela Baldacchino (S&D), in writing.
It has also continued good work in the area of police and judicial cooperation with the EU and now meets all the benchmarks set in the Visa Liberalisation Action Plan.
Reputable international civil society organisations have indicated that they have not seen any evidence to substantiate these charges.
I visited farmers in Galway where they are flooded even as we speak, and more than 20 roads are closed.
Additionally, we propose that provisions on the harmonisation of practices and procedures carried out in local Schengen cooperation be strengthened.
Ensuring equal participation and equal opportunities for women in fisheries, under the future EMFF, is a joint responsibility for us all and it requires joint action and joint efforts.
A specific measure in favour of women is the promotion of gender equality: the EMFF can support networking and exchanges of experience and best practice among stakeholders, including among organisations promoting equal opportunities between men and women.
At the same time, given the strongly diverging positions of the stakeholders, it is not a surprise that Mr[nbsp ]Vitorino’s recommendations and the proposed own-initiative report diverge on certain points as well.
I would like to say here that it is pure nonsense that only 5[nbsp ]% of the volume of investment goes to programme countries.
We must have the strongest possible status in the capital markets in order to be able to do such business.
Let me say in conclusion that, in addition to our coherent and consistent approach, I would like to emphasise that we responded to the crisis with more Europe, and not less;
All this is not intended to call into question the EIB’s business model but to ensure that all efforts are used to ensure that taxpayers’ money is used as effectively as possible.
As a consequence, the Commission adopted the proposed Directive for Women on Boards – you all know this directive – and I am very grateful for Parliament’s support, as expressed in your first reading position.
This proposal also does not regulate the use of seed by private gardeners.
Mr President, for 15 years I have heard members of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) come here and attack the European Union, but in reality, as we all know, they take their money while doing precious little to defend the ‘interests’ they hold dear.
The First Minister in Northern Ireland has forced a judge-led enquiry into this scheme.
Is there something fraudulent as well?
The Commission, for instance, handles more than 6[nbsp ]000 access requests per year.
The Commission supports the general aim to make the legislative process transparent and easily understandable.
Now that may be fair for a comedy on television, but it is surely not fair for the way that we do politics in the European Union.
Michael Cashman (S&D).
I have recently seen the submission of the first two successful ECIs: one on the right to water and the petition entitled ‘One of Us’.
We wish Maria well.
At the same time, in line with the request of Parliament and civil society, in February this year we revived the Council Human Rights Working Group Task Force on Torture.
Regulating EU trade in order to help prevent capital punishment and torture from occurring in third countries is essential and reflects the fundamental values on which the EU is based.
Kinga Gál (PPE), in writing.
The EU services will continue to work hard to keep our communication channels active and, wherever there is a will and convergent objectives, to broaden them.
I would make the argument that it helps to promote such relations rather than the other way round.
Whilst there is much in this report which I support, at this time I believe that greater clarity on the protection of beneficial ownership and trusts is required in order to be fully compatible with the UK’s existing legal arrangements.
),
What it has done was, of course, what it was intended to do right from the beginning, which was to have an integrated model of finance at European level as a prop to political integration.
According to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, it has been calculated that one in four species of mammals, one in eight birds, and more than one in three amphibians are threatened with extinction worldwide.
Every year more than 30[nbsp ]000 people die on Europe’s roads.
This specific report seeks to amend Council Directive 1999/37/EC on the registration documents for vehicles.
Every Member State has the obligation to register for the first time any vehicle that received the European type-approval on the basis of the ‘Certificate of Conformity’ issued by the vehicle manufacturer.
Women’s rights and progress can no longer be taken for granted.
It is frustrating that, while we continue to strive towards a fairer, more equal society, gender inequality is clearly still a problem.
Gay Mitchell (PPE
However, Conservative MEPs also believe that the death penalty, for the most serious of crimes, is a matter of individual conscience, and that the budgetary priorities and security arrangement of Member States are a Member State competence, as are matters relating to asylum and immigration.
There remains no provision for religious freedom, no provision for public worship or tolerance in the workplace for those of a Christian faith.
This Commission proposal and the one-size-fits-all attitude upon which it was based have serious flaws.
I am disappointed that Parliament did not deal with concerns raised about the PRM proposal.
We can now take a step forward in the completion of the Single Market and the digital economy and help attract investment into the EU.
Here we are speaking about a fundamental right, and we should back a fundamental right with a fundamental law.
Madam President, in May[nbsp ]2011 this House called for a reform of the European data protection rules.
No, that is not the national security which we mean in the Treaty of the European Union.
No, that is not the national security which we mean in the Treaty of the European Union.
That is why we need the report tomorrow.
Timothy Kirkhope,
),
Ditto the same remarks: I want European competence and for us to keep data in Europe if possible, but I am a bit unsure about the European cloud.
It has become clear yet again, for those of us who remember ECHELON, that these are not operational or are being ignored, or that they certainly need changing, to move away from deference to security agencies and the light-touch approach.
What is the protection for the workers, and what are the rules under which they operate?
The public debate that is taking place in the United States will be equally important to our concerns.
The impact of the NSA mass surveillance practices on EU citizens and residents has, understandably, raised significant concerns in Europe.
The next one will be held in the coming weeks, and we are available to debrief the LIBE Committee on the state of play.
Now, on what was a very interesting debate: it was said that the Council is silent and indifferent.
Politicians cannot even be sure that their communications are not intercepted and listened to by others – maybe by political opponents.
The recent debate in the Council indicated to me that there might be a chance to have many Member States on board for the project.
However, the Commission proposal raises serious concerns regarding the division of responsibility between the Member States and the European Union, and its added value is questionable.
The proposal put on the table by the Commission last July, following a request from Parliament, is also part of a new framework which we have been putting in place.
Friends and foes keep changing.
We simply cannot threaten to stop a negotiation process which is not de facto
We all know that the rights of migrants will not be respected in Turkey, therefore we should not have a readmission agreement, whereas we agreed that visa liberalisation is a very important tool.
I too want to remind us of fifteen-year-old Berkin Elvan who died because of injuries caused by tear gas bullets.
But once again, the role of the EU could be much stronger if we were to have a clear commitment to a positive outcome on prospects for membership.
Mr President, we have heard an interesting discussion today.
This is particularly important when preparing for reappointment.
The 2006 Córdoba Agreement was signed by all parties, and we are not prepared to stand back and see the integrity of Single Sky, and the benefits it would bring, irrevocably damaged.
Technology has transformed the way the travel market operates, making the current rules almost obsolete.
The vote tomorrow will also add momentum to the debate in the Council, so the new package rule could become law soon.
While this deviates from the Commission proposal, we nonetheless consider that it constitutes a reasonable basis for further negotiations.
At the meetings of the Montreal Protocol this year, the Scientific Assessment Panel on the Protocol will present its triennial assessment report, and the discussions on its conclusions will provide a good opportunity to look further into potential new threats to the ozone layer and how to address them.
Increased EU demand for alternative technologies is likely to spur innovation and economies of scale in other markets too, hence reducing the costs of a global phase-down of HFCs.
It is also applied to seasonal workers.
What is the problem with the free movement of workers?
I also appreciate the efforts of the Lithuanian Presidency to reach a good agreement.
Mr President, free movement of workers is one of the cornerstones of the EU’s single market.
In addition, many mobile EU workers and their families encounter difficulties in finding information about their rights.
People will have more access to the information they need to exercise their rights.
Mr President, labour mobility gives citizens all across Europe the opportunity to move and work abroad.
This has been a great success.
But our problem is not really in the European Union;
Because the directive explicitly recognises that tax crimes give rise to a money-laundering offence.
Indeed in one case – I believe it was in Finland – most of the slot machines are run by state agencies, which are not of course linked to money laundering.
My hope with this package of legislation is that it will shine a very bright light on the dark and murky depths of organised crime.
We salute the aims behind this important amendment.
We share the concerns that Parliament seeks to address, which are very often motivated by the need for a more European internal market approach.
NGOs were particularly helpful regarding transparency and on social and environmental aspects, etc.
My friend Ms Abela Baldacchino, from Malta, mentioned the Mediterranean.
We have invested so much politically in North Africa that we cannot abandon them to their fate, and the projects financed by the European Investment Bank in North Africa are a way of doing politics, of doing foreign policy in our neighbourhood.
Let us take Ukraine, for instance.
the request is limited to a willing ‘as soon as possible’.
The implementation of the banking union is indeed a matter of urgency, but surely the banking union will not be the last building block of this new architecture.
First, we have a tendency to take on more loans than we are able to bear.
In the case of Portugal, the culprits are the Socialists;
Her speech could be summed up with the phrase: the Troika told us to do it.
The current account is in surplus for the first time in decades, and there is also an apparent primary surplus in the country’s public finances for last year.
There has been much prevarication on this, and it is time that the European Parliament stated where it stands, because taking note is not good enough.
).
We believe that Myanmar has much to gain from the establishment there of an Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) country office, and we continue to call for that to be put in place swiftly.
Why is she not here today?
What nonsense!
She never fails to raise this issue when she meets with leaders of countries where violations occur.
The European Union is also giving political and practical support to the UN human rights bodies and will continue to defend its independence.
The overall point I would make is that the Member States must want to buy into programmes such as the resettlement programme.
blue
card question
Tell us something like that.
First, their immigrant pawns were temporary guest workers;
I hope you will not be re-elected if you are indeed seeking re-election, because the kinds of statements you have just made are shameful for this Parliament.
But more flexibility does not mean less control over the use of funding.
We have had good cooperation and a constructive approach, and the end result is a pragmatic and realistic compromise on a number of very difficult issues.
It is not only about reporting to the single point of contact but also about giving back information to the companies as to how this process will be dealt with in the future.
Malcolm Harbour (ECR).
Let us prepare ourselves.
Likewise, key internet companies are also becoming essential these days to interactions and transactions.
During our work on this report, important questions have arisen: the question of the prudence principle versus the neutral one included in the conceptual framework, and the principle that accounts should give the true and fair value;
In this context I would like to thank the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection and in particular its Chair Malcolm Harbour – and, of course, the rapporteur, Ms[nbsp ]Weiler.
That was Ireland, and the people of Ireland rejected it.
We are now analysing the findings of this mission and are in close contact with the IMF, whose own mission is still on the ground in Kiev.
GDP grew by 0.1[nbsp ]% last year.
(Loud applause)
and monitor implementation of agreements and commitments.
I spoke then of the need for Russia to honour the 1994 Budapest Assurances to respect Ukraine’s territorial integrity, including the Crimea, but few of us could have predicted at the time that there would be a military land-grab by Putin, justified by a pack of lies and his will and keenness to revive the glories of the disappeared Soviet Union and reabsorb the east of Ukraine, no matter what the costs or the international legal violations by his government are.
(The President cut off the speaker)
José Manuel Barroso,
This will save the Ukrainian economy around EUR[nbsp ]500 million a year in tariff cuts.
Now they have to resist provocations from the pro-Russian troops and armed men invading military posts, government buildings and the regional parliament.
To put it mildly, hitherto the Ukrainian identity has been loose, but the events of the last few months are something else.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Look at the character of the new government promoted by the European establishment as a paragon of democracy.
Under the first point, let me recall that the referendum organised in Crimea on Sunday infringes the very essence of international law as regards state sovereignty and the inviolability of territorial integrity, as well as the Ukrainian Constitution.
That is why what is going on in Crimea is happening much closer to us than many of us – many of you – are ready to accept.
It is a very important regulation for two reasons: on the one hand, because it adapts to the new Single European Sky rules, and on the other, because of its governance reform, the aim of which is to implement the interinstitutional agreement on the European Agencies signed in July 2012.
Therefore, the new Directive proposed aims to modernise the scope of the previous one, taking seriously into consideration the protection of travellers.
This legislation aims at clarifying and better applying those rights under existing EU legislation.
Lithuania, like other Member States, can make all these target measures more efficient by improving cooperation with each other in enforcing the rights of workers from other EU countries.
I acknowledge that the new legislation does not remove the threshold for mandatory EIAs of shale gas projects but that other measures agreed, such as the ban on developers submitting smaller shale gas projects in the same area with the intention of remaining below the threshold and thereby avoiding an EIA, will have the effect of making an EIA on shale gas projects de facto mandatory.
That is a national competence and is their own decision.
Paul Murphy (GUE/NGL).
I have voted in favour of this report which opposes mass surveillance by the NSA.
In light of the inquiry's findings, this report calls for the suspension of two key EU-US data-sharing agreements, the development of an EU 'cloud' to reduce dependency of EU citizens on the US cloud and for EU action to protect whistle-blowers and press freedom.
Moreover, the fact that EUR[nbsp ]500 million are being taken away from welfare systems and public services each year merits a response from the EU.
Pino Arlacchi (S&D
a crackdown on media-freedom – the list is disappointingly long.
),
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
However, on the other hand we have some softening of the rules, and for several reasons the commitment was not what we expected.
As usual, there are – as was mentioned by the rapporteur, Eider Gardiazábal Rubial – unpredictable events or special needs, namely humanitarian aid.
This is realistic and is not creating unrealistic expectations outside Europe.
The EUR[nbsp ]1.6 billion is intended as macroeconomic assistance: this is about loans under the guarantee of the European budget.
It is simple.
I could mention the revision of the Transparency and the Accounting Directive and the reform of the fisheries policy.
As for the thematic issues that were also mentioned, the Commission continues to work on five thematic challenges identified in 2009: trade and finance, climate change, food security, migration, and security.
),
We must focus more attention on the surveying, registration and management of land and the formalisation of property rights everywhere around the globe, in order to facilitate more secure business networks and, ultimately, lasting prosperity, unshackled from the ambivalent structures of international aid.
We have been told to be patient – to wait – but as we wait, debt is mounting, as are our interest payments.
The report also highlights the lack of democratic accountability and recommends the phasing out of the Troika.
I would not claim the Internal Security Fund to be a panacea, but I am pleased to see EU recognition of the needs of victims of terrorism.
It is clear that Putin’s much-vaunted prisoner amnesty was simply window dressing to convince the world of Russia’s democratic credentials.
So I join my colleagues in the ECR in condemning the harsh and disproportionate sentences handed down to the seven defendants.
Mikhail Kosenko, who was convicted in October 2013, was sentenced to indefinite forced psychiatric treatment.
Amnesty International called these cases ‘politically motivated show trials’ and indicated that the Bolotnaya protesters had suffered abuse at the hands of the Russian police.
Let me share another story with you.
Nevertheless, do we see a chance that this particular case will be put before the European Parliament, perhaps now or another time?
Some Members of this Parliament have today called for the launch of Article 96 consultations with Nigeria and Uganda.
Now Ugandan gays and lesbians may be imprisoned for years, as may the friends and family that support them.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group
They could have been more flexible in scheduling this debate on a day that she would be here.
Ireland’s mackerel quota will increase from 57[nbsp ]000 tonnes to 105[nbsp ]000 tonnes.
Judith A. Merkies (S&D).
a better broadband deal;
Ten months ago that was what you said to me, and I agreed with you.
All those things depend on enhanced quality of service.
So what does it actually mean?
These imbalances are caused by the idiotic doctrine of mutual recognition which states that all EU Member Statesʼ police, judicial and penal systems are of equal value.
And the rights of this Parliament and the powers of this Parliament will be truly respected during the co-legislation process as was the case during the current period of the Stockholm Programme.
In addition to Parliament’s valuable work, and also the participation of Mr López Aguilar in the Athens informal meeting, there have been two recent Commission communications which have helped develop our thinking.
There appears to be a significant amount of agreement about where we stand on a wide range of issues.
Resettlement and relocation of beneficiaries of international protection are concrete and tangible forms of solidarity, and I urge all Member States to engage in resettlement.
Michael Cashman (S&D).
The signing of parts of the Association Agreement was a good first step but we now need urgently to ratify and implement the DCFTA provisions in a temporary and asymmetric form to help Ukraine’s economy.
To that end, while Russia continues its aggression the initial sanctions must only be the beginning.
As is the case every year, we grant discharge in paragraph 1 of our decision to our President and – in the same way as every year – the President has not been present in any part of the decision-making process on the discharge of our own House.
We have also encouraged the administration of the European Parliament which has been at the forefront of some very successful projects like the AT4AM to collaborate further with the Secretary-General of the Commission in order to identify further improvements to be made in an open source and secure root to the base-level ICT infrastructures of the institutions.
blue
It is very much time for the Commission to establish a definition of what exactly a non-governmental organisation is and, except in exceptional cases, also ask for contributions to come from another source than some kind of government source.
we also need to make assurance that the funds are achieving the results intended – that is, that the European Union budget is providing added value and making an impact on citizens.
We all agree that the situation under shared management, and in particular in the area of agriculture and regional policy, needs to be further improved.
Mr President, let me start with a quote: ‘But let me be very clear: if this exercise [of ICAO] does not deliver ...
We have no confidence in you.
Mr President, your vote will take place tomorrow but Commissioner Barnier already wants to thank Parliament for its efficient work and support for this important package in the context of the implementation of an integrated payments market.
).
If you are asking me whether I think it is important that Turkey, as a strong NATO ally, should play a full part in the NATO Alliance, then I would agree completely.
In the European Union, the United Kingdom has very little influence.
We stand ready in the Middle East to support and make an unprecedented package of support to the parties in the context of a final status agreement.
In my final report ahead of the December 2013 European Council that was on security and defence I said: ‘The peace and security of Europe has always been a prerequisite for its economic welfare.
But I stress again the urgency and importance of supporting the economy of Ukraine to enable it to fulfil the aspirations of its people.
It has huge potential and we will continue to work tirelessly with them on that, as we do with other nations of the region, particularly at the moment Egypt, where we have a strong relationship with the people of Egypt.
Members know full well that the so-called Ukrainian revolution was manufactured with everything from the agitprop to the snipers provided from the USA and the EU.
This is not about loss.
Nothing is definite yet, but we are nevertheless on the way.
on behalf of the ALDE Group
Baroness Ashton, you are in charge of a CFSP budget of around EUR 300 million annually.
Under your direction, the External Action Service is doing its utmost to do its job and it does it brilliantly.
We therefore need greater involvement and greater engagement.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr[nbsp ]Zarif, recently laid a wreath at the grave of Mr Mughniyeh, who masterminded the bombing of US marines in Lebanon in 1983.
They cannot wait to see more change.
I am therefore particularly satisfied that extensive discussions took place between the three institutions and that an agreement could be found.
In favour.
I hope there will be more scope for compromise in future negotiations on the report.
It has focused its attention instead on peripheral non-legislative matters, such as fundamental rights and the Parliament’s NSA inquiry, amongst other issues.
In the Council’s Working Group, representatives of the United Kingdom have put forward suggestions to simplify and streamline the provisions contained in the proposal.
As Amendment 234 states, ‘net neutrality shall mean the principle according to which all internet traffic is treated equally, without discrimination, restriction or interference, independently of its sender, recipient, type, content, device, service or application’.
Such a definition of net neutrality, and the following amendments to lay out concrete measures to ensure the corresponding implementation, will provide citizens with guarantees that their interaction on the internet will not be subject to profiled and ungrounded controls that could be in breach of data protection and privacy laws.
Following the adoption of the Lisbon Treaty, we have witnessed some successes for the CFSP that have been taking place over the last five years.
I voted in favour of this report, it establishes important rules and procedures in order to ensure an effective and timely exercise of the European Unionʼs rights to suspend or withdraw concessions or other obligations under bilateral, plurilateral or multilateral trade agreements.
for instance, how to promote sustainable urban mobility, and we even have an abbreviation: SUMPs – sustainable urban mobility plans.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group
I would just like to begin by saying that we strongly support the changes to cab design to see better protection for cyclists and for pedestrians.
Regarding research, as Ms Foster has rightly mentioned already, we are contributing to the Single European Sky everything which is related to the Single Sky, and this definitely reduces the noise and pollution as well.
We are very happy that transport research will receive more funding than it did during the last financial perspective.
This is the way forward and I think we have all the tools at our fingertips.
First of all, may I say that we did draw lessons from the horsemeat scandal.
Many of these new elements will be accompanied by financial incentives through the regulation for the management of expenditures, to which I am glad the European Parliament has already given its agreement.
We recognise that these are important.
Regions can, however, register their representative offices in Brussels if they so wish.
Mr President, I commend Ms McIntyre for her efforts in this report and I share with her my desire for greater success for small and medium enterprises, and indeed their ability to create jobs.
By making it simpler and easier to understand and implement regulations, we increase compliance and safety.
Therefore, the European institutions and the Member States must establish a culture of entrepreneurship for businesses to start up, survive and grow while being able to remain competitive in today’s global markets.’
Skills: to compete and succeed globally, we need a workforce with the skills that the market needs.
President.
The overall mandate was given by a contact group where the President of Parliament and the leaders of the political groups were involved.
Supplementary schemes are becoming more and more important in many Member States, so it is pertinent that an agreement in this area has finally been reached and that barriers to mobility, such as vesting and waiting periods, have been addressed.
Pension rights are an especially important topic in these times of precarious employment, economic difficulties and demographic changes.
As you aware, the Commission first put forward this proposal, known at the time as the Portability Directive, in 2005.
Thirdly, the directive provides that workers should be duly informed of the impact of any mobility on their pension rights and, after leaving the pension scheme, of the value of their dormant rights.
The use of best practices in a free and competitive market has always ensured the supremacy of the City of London in the financial services sector.
Here you will remember a Latvian firm won a contract to build an educational facility in Sweden and brought in a team of Latvian workers to do the job.
Emily Turunen, who is an extremely hardworking and competent member of our committee, did a very good job of trying to reach a good compromise.
I will be leaving after 30 years and I would have liked to have ended my time as a Member on a high note.
For example, the list of indicative criteria will assist authorities to establish when a posting is genuine and to catch out letter-box companies.
The new network of public employment services will help increase the performance of these services through mutual learning and technical assistance projects.
they are imported from outside Europe.
We are certainly not yet at the point where we could provide a definite answer;
This business is one of hundreds of similar firms across the EU which will not be able to guarantee the integrity of their product because of the near certainty of add mixture with degradable materials.
How is this supposed to be possible if interpretation will only be provided by radio and not on board the ship?
However, we have seen, as Ms[nbsp ]Stihler has just said, people to the right of the House, particularly in the United Kingdom – and I do absolve Mr[nbsp ]Harbour from this accusation entirely – running scared of UKIP and jumping on a story in the Daily Mail and Daily Express which said that there was an EU plot to axe UK number plates.
But it also states that, although Berlin will be the main way to solve problems, there are also situations of systemic crisis when you need public intervention.
The financial world will be a safer place.
Mr President, I want to reflect on all the dossiers as chairman of the committee and I want to say first of all that the biggest disappointment for the members of the committee – and especially Ms[nbsp ]Schaldemose and Ms Pietikäinen – is that we are not putting before you today a first-reading agreement with the Council.
Of course we differ, as I am a free trader: I think free trade is very good.
I call therefore on the Council to enter into negotiations with the European Parliament and the Commission on these two important legislative proposals as soon as possible.
The proposal aims to back up this commitment with adequate funding, so as to separate the taxpayer from losses incurred by bank failure, and to make certain other commitments to reassure depositors.
The goal of this legislative proposal is to safeguard deposits under EUR[nbsp ]100 000 in EU countries by a solid ex-ante funding for national funds, financed by banks and not by taxpayers.
I have voted in favour of this report, which aims to help reducing the oil dependency and cutting greenhouse emissions from transport through the deployment of a EU network of clean energy recharging stations from 2020 to 2030.
Standardising infrastructure deployment across Europe, e.g. through only one type of electric vehicle connector, will give confidence to consumers and industry.
However, it is vital that a line is drawn in the sand and that trust is allowed to return to the public in the financial services system.
The key issues concerned an updating of cab dimensions to reduce the driver’s blind spots, in order to protect vulnerable road users such as pedestrians and cyclists.
),
I have voted in favour of the report on the framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms.
in writing
Without an agreement the Parliament is asked to revert to the previous agreement, which does not make this important clarification.
UKIP's position is against any further expansion of the ECJ judiciary.
in writing
Claudette Abela Baldacchino (S&D), in writing.
The deployment of an EU-wide emergency call system in all cars will be a lifesaver.
The technology is available to cover the other 90% of emergency calls (290 million) originated from mobile terminals.
The Commission also calculates that a 10% increase in broadband speed will raise the GDP by 1% or even 1.5%.
I supported this report, which calls for greater transparency in energy, telecommunications, transport and postal services and increased protection for consumers.
Despite the repeated requests of the European Parliament the register has still not been made mandatory.
Roberta Metsola (PPE), in writing.
This is an important step towards greater transparency in lobbyists’ interaction with the European Parliament and the Commission.
The institutions of the European Union are unreformable, otherwise they would have been reformed back in 1994 – the first time that the accountants did not pass the test of the Auditors.
In these negotiations, Parliament backed the Commission proposals, which suggested the abolition of the current VAT resource and introduction of two new genuine own resources, replacing the current correction mechanisms with a new system of temporary corrections and a reduction to 10% in the share of traditional own resources that MS retain as collection costs.
The Council welcomes the recent start of the work of this group and we are convinced that the group, under the chairmanship of Mr[nbsp ]Monti, will carry out excellent work.
Janusz Lewandowski, Member of the Commission.
).
The situation is such that, should a crisis arise tomorrow, we would not be able to intervene and provide assistance.
We have to exploit all the possibilities – all the tools available under the Treaty and the Financial Regulation, all creativity and redeployments, and internal transfers – of reacting.
The Commission was able to give an initial response to the shortage of payment appropriations concerning humanitarian aid and the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights by presenting two transfer proposals.
Janusz Lewandowski,
),
Therefore, once again, I was absolutely against the amendment of the Honey Directive in such a way.
As has been said many times, supporting the achieved compromise means going both against the consumer’s freedom of choice and against the beekeeping sector in its efforts to producing GMO-free honey.
in writing
The report deals with the high expectations that the Parliament places on the High Level Group on Own Resources.
I find the response of some Members here deeply ironic, because it is their groups who allowed this to go through in three months, only eight years ago.
This judgment says that data retention can still happen, that we can address the security and terrorist risks, but we cannot collect bulk data as we did in the pre-Snowden era.
They also condemned violence and attacks against diplomatic missions around the world.
With the adoption, in June 2012, of the EU Strategic Framework on Human Rights and Democracy, the European Union recalled that, throughout the world, women and men demanded to live in liberty, dignity and security, in open and democratic societies underpinned by human rights and the rule of law.
The European External Action coordinator is active in making contact with a great variety of stakeholders, with a deep engagement in the international cultural scene.
On the one hand, it will be easier for victims to exercise the right to compensation.
At the same time, the text regulates interaction between the public and private enforcement of competition law, leading to an optimal overall enforcement of competition rules.
The ultimate aim is to help the financing of the European economy and delay will only hold back our growth.
But as we reflect on the horror of the First World War we can also in my view take inspiration from some of the individuals who in tragic circumstances pointed to a better world.
We did it after the First World War in the Balkans.
But let me also express a clear warning.
Fourthly, the EU is firmly committed to providing strong political and financial backing to Ukraine.
Johannes Cornelis van Baalen, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Zbigniew Zaleski (PPE
The way we finally react to Russia’s aggression will decide our own future: how we stick to the original values of the European Union.
The appropriate forum to resolve these differences is via elections, representation and negotiations, not a paramilitary barricade.
It has been mentioned in our debate that the Cold War did not end with a peace treaty.
Mr President, thank you very much for taking the point of order.
I cannot – and nor can any representative in this place – justify to his or her constituents the need for some inward migration of people if there is a belief that you will then have an entitlement to draw on a pot which others have filled.
),
in writing
),
namely its inability to fully protect posted workers and prevent social dumping.
This meant that there were elements which I agreed upon especially where it is not recommended a reopening of the delicate balance of the agreement and other elements that are considered of concern to which I either abstained or voted against.
I am in favour/against the various amendments as I voted.
Labour MEPs today supported ambitious measures to crack down on plastic-bag waste across Europe.
Plastic bags are a scourge on the environment, as they need hundreds of years for their dissolution.
Frontex will be involved in search and rescue, operational planning, detection of vessels, interception and rescue, and disembarkation.
I am in agreement with this report as I am totally in favour of any measures to protect against pets of plants
In this context I welcome the Court of Auditor's analysis of the potential savings for the Union budget if the Parliament had only one working place.
We are not only speaking about promoting shared values on human rights, democracy and the rule of law, but also about working together on very concrete challenges such as how to cope with an ageing society, create new sources of sustainable energy and develop synergies where we see opportunities for cooperation avoiding parallel development.
Roberta Metsola (PPE
Claudette Abela Baldacchino (S&D), in writing.
This report clearly lays out the effective rules for the creation of a fund for European investors and establishes a distinct framework for the standards and structures of the funds.
The EUʼs maritime economy is crucial to achieving the Europe 2020 goals and has huge potential to ensure Europeʼs competitiveness in a globalised world.
This proposal aims to improve the ability of those wronged by infringements of competition rules to claim compensation, in particular by the introduction of a limited disclosure regime for documents which would enable claimants to properly make their case.
A major contributory factor to the problem of persecution in Pakistan has been the alarming rise in violent extremism in parts of the country.
At the same time, what was a local uprising against the violent excesses of the Assad regime has attracted radical forces which resort to terrorist tactics against the most vulnerable, as was the case in the recent attack on the Syrian town of Kessab.
Many of you made reference to this terrible fact.
After hearing you all, coming from all political parties, I am convinced that you in the European Parliament will confirm and agree to this proposal, and I appreciate that.
In Europe, where policymakers declare their full commitment to promoting jobs and addressing the shortages of drivers, more and more professional drivers work away from home for uninterrupted periods of up to three months.
This is unacceptable and must end.
),
The Return Directive has contributed to a convergence and overall to the reduction of maximum detention periods across the European Union.
While talking about a breach of the Returns Directive, we learned in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs on 31 March that in 2012 only 37% of those given a return decision eventually left.
Mr President, in 2008 when the Return Directive was adopted in this House it was harshly criticised by us Greens, by many nongovernmental organisations and even by heads of government.
The evaluation also omits very important questions.
Latin American leaders called it a directive of shame.
Mr President, thank you very much to all the Members of the Parliament who have spoken in this discussion.
I hope that this will be adopted unanimously in plenary.
We already have the Korean agreement as a template for this.
At the same time, Mr Cameron has promised the British people that fewer Poles would come to us.
Similarly, for instance, we have in this room different views about Russia and different interests in relation to Russia.
The Portuguese prosecutors wrote that the investigation was blocked by the lack of cooperation from their German colleagues who, despite many rogatory letters and other requests, never sent to Portugal determining elements of proof, many of them seized in a joint search.
We understand that an oral question on the subject has also been presented by honourable Member Sargentini, who referred to the alleged surveillance of a law firm by a national security agency of a Member State.
The EU directive on the right of access to a lawyer states that Member States shall respect the confidentiality of communication between suspects or accused persons and their lawyers in the exercise of their right of access to a lawyer.
Mr Stuger, do you agree not only that it is an incorrect procedure to be discussing in this place the nation states and what they do with their crops, but also that there is a lack of information for the people about this particular subject that would enable them to advise their representatives so that we can truly be democratic?
The intention was to unblock the wholly unjustified failure to grant final approval of GMOs by the Commission.
Mr President, first of all it is a great pleasure to have a woman prime minister at the head of the EU Presidency.
You can count on us for this, but you know very well that you need more national contributions to make this fund really work.
ALDE wants real security for citizens, not fake security and politics of symbolism.
We are united in diversity – and I see you agree.
Well, you had 13 years in power;
Therefore, be sure that we will be coming back to this issue so often in the months and probably years to come that we might even be bored of it.
At the same time, we also have to be present and invest in our relations with the rest of the world, whether Latin America, the African Union – I am going to be there in a couple of weeks – or Africa in general and some key places in Africa.
Now we look at the Arab World, but do not forget that a lot of our security is linked to the security in the Horn of Africa and in the sub-Sahel region.
we know that there is still a high level of poverty, inequality, children who do not get educated.
This is why the Foreign Affairs Council on Monday will start a strategic discussion on EU-Russia relations.
Second, our resolution puts a proper focus on reforming Ukraine itself and endorses the reform priorities under the Association Agreement outlined in the letter from Ms Mogherini to Mr Brok.
History teaches us that change in Russian politics has always resulted from the internal reshuffling of power.
However, it is fragile and uncertain.
We still have three debates to go, and I think it is a pity that so many Members of Parliament have left.
Cătălin Sorin Ivan (S&D), in writing.
The next item is the vote.
I cannot operate without your support, and equally I work to ensure that the people you represent will have access to an independent source of investigation and redress if they feel they have been unfairly treated by an EU institution.
growing numbers suffering from depression;
As pointed out before, we are at 84%, which is the highest level among the institutions.
there are lot of issues that came up last year which are going to be addressed in future annual reports, so maybe the debate on this report is not the place to address these.
Once again I would like to thank everyone for joining in the discussion, and all the best to Ms O’Reilly.
It is even more important to develop an EU strategy which would not only enable us to get Russia out of Ukraine and bring peace to Europe but also give us tools to challenge the sense of impunity with regard to Putin’s regime and support the Russian people when they stand up for their rights.
One example is the EU Passenger Name Record (PNR) Directive.
Sophia in 't Veld (ALDE).
In other words, investment is only one ingredient in the mix.
We have existing instruments already in place.
The question I would like to ask Vice-President Katainen is: who will decide on these projects?
A lot can also be done at national level.
This is the right answer to be provided.
We need more credit for the efforts already being made in what is a difficult economic situation.
Still to be determined, too, are the extent to which, and how, the 2015 agreement will address controversial issues such as adaptation to the impacts of climate change, and dealing with loss and damage when those impacts occur, promoting or regulating international carbon markets and establishing how we are going to save them.
Firstly, moving forward the European energy union will be crucial.
We know that the consumer groups have shown that the opposite is true.
A social crisis: on 28 January there was a protest meeting in Kiev and the miners cried ‘give us back Yanukovych, at least under Yanukovych we had the salaries’.
if necessary, I could go back to some cases that Members might raise in their speeches.
The end of the Cold War did not bring relief from the threat posed by nuclear weapons and, in many ways, with their potential proliferation to more States and even terrorist organisations, the situation is worse.
The most laughable case of these fact-finding missions was when five delegation members went out to the tropical island of Fiji in 2012.
Secondly, we also support advocacy and lobbying initiatives to improve national legislation and the development of suitable national policies on women’s rights.
Richard Howitt (S&D).
I would fight for the many who are often overheard and overlooked.
Federica Mogherini, Vicepresidente della Commissione/Alto rappresentante dell'Unione per gli affari esteri e la politica di sicurezza.
thanks to ISIS – across Iraq and neighbouring Syria has resulted in a serious and worsening humanitarian crisis.
It is not as though we do not have the expertise and resources to that.
Mr President, today, 11 February, marks the fourth anniversary of the uprising of the Yemeni people demanding their rightful democratic and civil state.
They must take clear responsibility for their actions, rejecting violence and oppression as political tools.
Give it a chance.
It now awaits the external evaluation commissioned by the Frontex Management Board as well as possible further action by the Commission.
This brings us closer to the ideal of a Common European Asylum System in which applications for international protection are treated in the same manner irrespective of where in the EU they are lodged.
The Union has numerous tools that should be more intensively applied and, where necessary, adapted to new realities.
Clinical trial interference is a very good example of this.
It is very critical.
Christos Stylianides, Member of the Commission.
Let me stress my concern, and that of High Representative Mogherini, at the arrest of Bob Rugurika.
The Heads of Mission also expressed concern at the possible political impact of this affair, given its timing – and this includes the risk of a negative effect on the political climate, the credibility of the authorities and the ongoing electoral process.
If Europe’s cooperation with Saudi Arabia is to mean anything, we have to use it to free Raif.
The European Union is currently its main source of funding, with an overall contribution since 2006 of EUR 14.7 million, managed under the authority of my colleague, Corina Crețu.
I can already announce that, building on all the expertise we have in the House, the DGs and the Joint Research Centre, I intend to present, before the end of this year, the first edition of the annual State of the Energy Union.
Mr President, I think it is a good start, but I had a look at one of the earlier leaked versions of the particular proposal, and one section caught my eye: ‘An Energy Union for research and innovation’, and in brackets: ‘needs more work’.
National security is a matter for national governments.
With the OMT, the opinion that the European Court of Justice (ECJ) has issued says that we should look.
Mario Draghi, President of ECB.
Madam President, I am very pleased to participate in this plenary debate.
Simultaneous action in all three areas is critical to restore confidence and to reduce the uncertainty that is holding back investment.
In case government bonds targets are not accomplished due to shortages in the markets, is the ECB ready to buy more bonds from the EIB and ABS?
We have called for the government, opposition leaders, students and Venezuela’s civil society to work together to engage in peaceful dialogue and reject violence and overcome the situation.
Matters of conscience certainly belong to those competences.
If I want a job doing, I want it done well;
Europe has suffered despicable attacks and shown unbeatable courage.
Attacking and excluding others, insulting other peoples and their faith and their convictions – this is no way forward.
Norica Nicolai (ALDE), in writing.
UKIP abstained on paragraph 50 as we cannot support calling on the EU to interfere with the UKʼs immigration system regarding the right to residency.
My party are seeking improvements for the real economy and we will not endorse proposals which are designed to benefit certain vested financial interests.
David Casa (PPE), in writing.
Madam President, it is often said in the media that the type of report Mr Fernandes has drafted will not attract a lot of attention, because it is only the first step in the budgetary process.
President.
Secondly, 2016 will serve as a benchmark of post—electoral multiannual financial framework divisions.
This is an opportunity for Member States to improve and it is also an opportunity for us in the EU institutions to carry forward the related changes to the Financial Regulation, which is currently under negotiation.
Our accounts are signed.
Madam President, firstly I would like to congratulate the Commission.
The Council also attaches particular importance to the area of the rule of law and fundamental rights and has urged Montenegro to tackle the issues of concern identified by the Commission, especially the independence of the judiciary, the fight against corruption and organised crime.
James Carver (EFDD), blue-card answer.
Far too many lives have been lost on our roads due to unsafe lorry designs.
At the same time I believe that we must take a clear political position.
I strongly oppose the notion that the EU should be a foreign policy actor in itself, let alone increase its sphere of influence into non-Member States, which is why I choose to abstain on this vote.
Martina Anderson (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The report takes note of the progress made by Kosovo in fulfilling the requirements of the visa liberalisation roadmap.
The report then asks the Commission to put forward proposals for the completion of the EMU, which should be based on the Community method.
That was a very interesting speech, very well made.
We also need do what we can in order to secure transparency for all Russian citizens who need Russian—language broadcasting.
As one of the few outspoken and independent voices in Russian politics, his murder represents a devastating blow to hopes for democratization in Russia any time soon.
His party belongs to the ALDE family, but he is a man we do not claim for ourselves: he belongs to all of us.
One has to able to back up strong words with action, otherwise one looks foolish.
This will take respect and I am fully ready to go through this process, taking the time and taking the respect we will need to have everybody on board.
I also welcome the Brok report underlining the vital importance of NATO in our collective defence and, as a friend of Taiwan, the improvement in the Far East of Cross—Strait relations.
Terrorism, confronting the threat of Daesh, uncontrolled migration, regional instability – these are only some of the challenges we have in front of us in Libya and the unity government in Libya is vital to addressing all these issues and many more.
Why is it not tolerable?
The situation there is escalating and this has consequences not only for the region, but also for our own security.
What you are suggesting is absolute madness and our agricultural industry is going to suffer heavily if we attempt to bury carbon dioxide in the ground: it is absolutely mad.
Of course, in order to succeed, such a juggling operation needs commitment, discipline and a high level of competence.
At the same time, the Energy Union is necessary to generate more growth in Europe.
A national education system, for example, cannot be overhauled within a year.
Dariusz Rosati, rapporteur.
The Commission has published the country—specific analysis in a single document for each country, three months in advance.
Diane Dodds (NI), in writing.
Sorin Moisă (S&D), in writing.
‒ I gave my support to the Parliament resolution on the Relations between the EU and the League of Arab States and cooperation in countering terrorism.
Third and finally, let me recall that the credibility of the UN human rights systems rests primarily on the independence and integrity of the Office of the High Commissioner.
I mean a positive package for young people, young students and researchers.
Oil prices have declined faster than expected.
I believe, at this stage, that the Commission has provided for enough controls in the document that would be signed with Ukraine after our vote and following approval by the Council.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 162(8))
We must fight against racist and stigmatising language.
Mr President, we commemorate today the tragic death of 1.5 million Armenians, but the estimated numbers do not tell the whole story which is about the unique tragedy of each human being who lost his or her life as a result of these brutal murders.
It makes no sense to adopt similar data retention measures while a real possibility remains that the Court of Justice may rule against the EU-Canada PNR agreement.
But the European Parliament has no jurisdiction in international law.
Mercedes Bresso (S&D), in writing.
Mr President, regarding Rule 32 and the composition of political groups, you made no announcement of any change in the composition of political groups.
Is this because they think this is a bad idea, this legislation?
Kaja Kallas (ALDE).
The social costs of alcohol-related harm are estimated to be over EUR 155 billion every year.
So let us together do what we can to make sure that change is not temporary but really sustainable.
Maybe you can explain how, if not by binding rules, we are going to make sure that the goods that are being sold here are in line with the most decent, normal and basic human rights and the most basic working laws.
it retains the concept of a maximum sustainable yield, taking little or no account of subsidy or illegality or the simple fact that if you try to operate at the limit of its sustainability you have no margin of error.
I believe this will strengthen the coherence between our two policies.
That is enough to fill two Wembley Stadiums.
Recognition in the wider sense is important for reaching talent where talent lies, for promoting more flexible learning paths, and for ensuring lifelong learning.
More recently the programme has taken over the preparatory action on the simultaneous release of films in cinema theatres and through video on demand, which provides incentives to the sector to innovate in the way that films are released.
It is probably time that we set up together a real counter-terrorism European agency to fight terrorism.
As far as Ms Fajon’s points are concerned, social division and poverty – the root causes of extremism – are addressed and will be developed in cooperation with the competent colleagues.
Addressing the need for an inter-agency and cross-sectorial approach and bringing together internal and external dimensions of security is important.
I also spoke about the lack of European competence, referring instead to the competences of the Member States.
The update would set a framework within which MMFs could operate competitively.
From the Commission side, I want to state very clearly that we take this responsibility very seriously.
It is part of a multi-year process and it will not finish tomorrow, even if, as I hope, the accounts for 2013 will be closed.
For that we have to have credible information.
The honest answer is that actually we did not.
If we do it right we can really have decarbonisation in the transport sector, but if we do it wrong we are stimulating bad technologies and that is what we would like to prevent.
Mr President, we are here today to finalise the last stage of the legislative process of adopting a directive that aims to tackle a very serious and highly visible environmental problem: the overconsumption and littering of lightweight plastic carrier bags.
However, some areas still need further development and it is crucial to revitalise the Bologna Process to meet new challenges as well as to ensure the quality and transparency of the European Higher Education Area.
It strongly rejects direct EU competence for forestry, but calls for coherence between the roles of the EU and the Member States in forestry-related policies.
I voted in favour of the report and in favour of the deployment of the eCall in-vehicle system as it aims to implement a system that will help ensure the safety of passengers and better road safety in across the EU.
This was recognised from the start in the provisions which guaranteed within the framework of the Treaty of Accession implementation of specific measures to safeguard resources in the Gulf of Riga – a sensitive eco-region of the Baltic Sea.
‒ President, I am pleased that the Court of Auditors did not find any serious weaknesses in the topics audited and I support the constructive recommendations identified in the report which aim to improve processes.
Jill Evans (Verts/ALE), in writing.
I also would like to see the Commission keeping its promise regarding the immediate transfer of additional pre-financing to the Member States.
Moreover, Economic research provides evidence that the conduct and nature of MMFs make them vulnerable to destabilising investor runs, which can spread quickly among funds, impairing liquidity and the availability of short- term credit, in particular for banks.
Marginalised youth and individuals have to regain self-worth and optimism, not by extremists luring them into fantasies of heroism and reputation but by governments providing relevant academic and social education leading to a decent job and life.
Now we must ensure that they will be appropriately enforced by the Member State authorities.
Ivo Vajgl (ALDE), blue-card question.
I hope the Commission and Council will work with Parliament in the coming weeks to prepare for the Council, to prepare for Addis, and to lay the foundations for ambitious agreements in Addis, New York and Paris that can form a true, global partnership for sustainable development from 2015 to 2030.
I therefore hope that the Council will be able to adopt clear and compelling conclusions on the Global Partnership next month – including on the EU’s recommitment to the ODA targets.
‒ This report contained several positive elements.
Doru-Claudian Frunzulică (S&D), in writing.
Indeed, we see a number of products, such as alcopops, that are marketed towards young people.
Seán Kelly (PPE), in writing.
It is only through careful, intelligent innovation and investment in the agriculture sector that we can hope to eliminate hunger and malnutrition around the world, as well as ensure the environmental benefits from ecologically sound food production
However, I voted against on the second part of paragraph 15, on sexual and reproductive health.
Unfortunately, industry lobbying prevented the mandatory labelling of the calorie count in alcoholic drinks but we want the Commission to revisit the issue.
MEPs have expressed their condolences once again to the bereaved families and to those injured or disabled.
There is a serious democratic deficit in Bangladesh.
This resolution also indicated that EU is recognising that this is a European problem which requires a European solution.
‒ It is clear that if we do not act now we will bear the responsibility before future generations for these tragedies.
The Al-Qaeda affiliated group has portrayed itself over the past years as fighting a holy war against Christians, even though its actions in Somalia have killed mostly Muslims.
Afzal Khan (S&D), in writing.
The EIB lending, coupled with structural reforms and fiscal consolidation in Member States, will be an essential tool for restoring growth in Europe.
We on the Parliament side want to see the EFSI become a success and are ready to play our role in that sense, but for the Fund to reach its goals, the EIB would definitely need additional human resources in order not to affect the existing operations of the Bank.
Compensation can be granted for eradication measures such as removal and destruction of plants, phytosanitary treatments, including for sampling and testing, on condition that all proposed eradication measures are fully implemented.
This is an EU protection racket worthy of the late Al Capone and another example of the dark and perverted science of the EU.
Mr President, I would like to thank everyone for participating in a debate that clearly showed the complexity of the topic we are discussing today.
Reviewing the scope of the application of reduced rates is part of this exercise.
So ministers, do not wait;
So let us talk about MOSS reform.
Sophia in 't Veld (ALDE), blue-card answer.
Do you know what Fidesz is?
We just need to move on and get it done.
We can also risk continuing to have thriving underground markets in conflict and high-risk areas and a prosperous smuggling sector.
Iuliu Winkler, rapporteur.
Neena Gill (S&D).
The agreement that we voted upon in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has a balanced and proportional outcome.
The Labour Party’s efforts led to a UK law to commit 0.7% of national income (GNI) to Official Development Assistance (ODA).
Nessa Childers (S&D), in writing.
Almost half of such events could be avoided.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
I fully support the rights of people with disabilities, who as full citizens, have equal rights and are entitled to inalienable dignity, equal treatment, independent living and full participation in society.
The EU must adopt a disability and development policy.
‒ I voted in favour of the fourth EU anti-money laundering directive;
As with so much else that they have done, however, rather than enact the new legislation for the benefit of the people, they allowed themselves to be entirely influenced by the banking sector.
The Commission presented a very sensible proposal that would have implemented a voluntary scheme, establishing a compromise between the aims of increasing transparency but weighed against the backdrop of international competition that is beyond the reach of the EU/international mandate.
Martina Anderson (GUE/NGL).
Labour MEPs voted in favour of this resolution because we want to protect the rights of working parents and enable mothers, and fathers, to balance their work and family lives.
It is not appropriate however for legislation to be simply jammed in the system and I therefore voted in favour of this resolution and would like to see some sort of meaningful progress on the subject matter.
Next, the Kurdish issue.
The enlargement process provides the most suitable framework for cooperation and performance.
The situation of journalists, bloggers, members of the opposition and other individuals is a major cause for concern.
This is a very serious problem.
A positive impact could be expected soon.
There is plenty of flexibility within the Youth Employment Initiative: the possibility to provide traineeships and apprenticeships, the provision of first job experience, targeted and well-designed wage and recruitment subsidies, job and training mobility measures and start-up support for young entrepreneurs.
So, that said, let us come to the topic of today.
We are putting an extra EUR 50 million into the scheme, which should result in resettling an additional 20 000 people into the EU over two years.
One of the root causes is, of course, the status and welfare of the Rohingya minority in Myanmar and the under—development of Rakhine State, where most of the Rohingya originate.
Consider the example of non-EU Norway, a nation of five million people, whose diplomats have nonetheless been active on almost every continent and archipelago.
Afzal Khan (S&D), in writing.
They will also highlight current efforts to build a European Energy Union and illustrate the key elements of the recent European policy on migration.
If I listen carefully, I think that much of the ambition that Parliament wants injected into the G7 meeting is directed at the other members of the G7, but I would gladly pass that message on to President Juncker to take on board.
Thank you.
The next item is the debate on the motion for a resolution on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation (EU) No 1308/2013 and Regulation (EU) No 1306/2013 as regards the aid scheme for the supply of fruit and vegetables, bananas and milk in the educational establishments (COM(2014)0032 - C8-0025/2014 - 2014/0014(COD)) (2015/2659(RSP) (B8-0362/2015).
All the other big institutions that work on human rights – like the Council of Europe across the river there, Nils Muižnieks, Human Rights Commissioner of the Council of Europe, Michel Forst, UN Special Rapporteur on Human Rights Defenders, and Dunja Mijatović, the OSCEʼs Representative on Freedom of the Media – all these have spoken out in writing that sport cannot ignore human rights.
It is the Commission’s firm intention to continue to promote equality in all EU activities, internal and external, as required by the Treaty.
It should also tackle the pressing issue of energy poverty.
There is something called international law: being a member of the Security Council of the United Nations, humanitarian law, crimes against humanity.
Heidi Hautala (Verts/ALE).
This may impact our ability to take a strong stance and defend our interests.
This report calls for an ambitious EU strategy for women’s rights and gender equality for the next five years and sets out ambitious and concrete proposals.
It is unacceptable that the report aims at providing political legitimation for the EU to make access to abortion and population control the political priority of the international development policy after 2015, in clear contradiction to the ruling of the ECJ in the case of Brüstle v Greenpeace, in which it was unanimously stated that ‘life begins after conception’ and against the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Article 3, which says that ‘Everyone has the right to life, liberty and security of person’, including the unborn.
Among those six riparian states, two are Member States of the European Union.
The EU condemned the attempted coup.
On 5 June the spokesperson of High Representative/Vice-President Mogherini issued a statement calling on all parties in the dialogue to work with Mr Djinnit and with the envoys of the African Union and the East African Community in order to find a consensus on the road ahead.
I am repeating myself now.
Mr President, I have listened to carefully to the views expressed during the course of the debate.
Opposition leaders, journalists, human rights defenders – and really anyone who is critical – risk intimidation and imprisonment, and some of the brightest minds have now fled the country.
‒ I voted in favour of the recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the EU-Iceland Agreement on Iceland’s participation in the second commitment period of the Kyoto Protocol recommendation.
Marian Harkin (ALDE), in writing.
Janusz Korwin-Mikke (NI).
I have no doubt that if the international community does not react to this aggression in the right way, there will be more regions that one could add to this list.
I think that is pretty much universally accepted.
Hardly independent, is it, Ms Clune?
‒ While the situation in Hungary and the rise of populism is of concern, the suggestion in the resolution to create another European oversight body, to somehow ensure Hungary’s compliance with the Charter and Treaties, is not viable or feasible.
With regard to these worrying developments in Hungary, I believe the Commission should make sure that relevant monitoring mechanisms are in place to assess the state of democracy in Hungary.
I do not necessarily like every single thing that Hungary does, but Hungary is a sovereign, democratic nation – and this place should not interfere.
Siôn Simon (S&D), in writing.
At present I do not foresee such a Government emerging, especially as Erdogan is already talking of fresh elections, but I hope to be proved wrong.
‒ I voted in favour of the resolution, and I would put special emphasis on the importance for Turkey of having more sensible policies regarding human rights and the rights of minorities.
It is also high time for the international community to develop a renewed protocol for the protection of cultural heritage in times of war, and I urge the EU to be at the forefront of this.
I strongly urge the Paraguayan authorities to meet their international obligations and protect human rights by ensuring girls have access to safe abortion, at least when their health and life are in danger and in cases of rape and incest.
Reaching them must be a priority before the upcoming monsoon rains cause further damage and access to them is cut off.
it is important for the security of all NATO members.
While condemning Russia’s invasion of Crimea, I believe that the country still remains a world superpower with which the EU has to maintain dialogue.
It would be like a party where you enter when you have money and you go out when you no longer have any money.
‘They are all trying to enter Britain, Sir, they are all trying to flee Europe’)
Moreover, we are not negotiating with the Member States – we are negotiating with COREPER, and they are not able actually to move.
From here on, we have to make sure that it delivers on the promises that we have outlined.
We have taken important steps towards implementing it, for instance the investment plan and STB flexibility.
Surely not.
At the moment, all results and methodologies, including detailed information, top-down and bottom-up approaches, can be found in the relevant documents available on the Commission’s website.
If we want corporations to pay their fair share, we need to work collectively at the level of the OECD, so that as many countries as possible work together to solve this problem.
Madam President, I am glad to welcome this European Fund for Strategic Investments that may help to kick start investment and, hopefully, produce growth within the EU over the coming years.
‒ Whilst appreciating and supporting the positive aspects of the report on the review of the economic governance framework, I have serious concerns and express my reservations with some of the articles of the report, such as the proposal for the creation of a fourth pillar on taxation and taxation union, including changing the powers to raise revenues, which are an exclusive national competence based on the EU Treaties.
The capital markets union will be one of those failures once again.
In south-west England, which I represent, we are beginning to see the growth of local investment, particularly in community renewables projects.
we will seek to free up bank balance sheets by reviving the EU market for securitisation through the identification of simple, transparent and standardised securitisations.
The last point I would like to make is that we have to take a good look at how regulators are functioning.
As we are discussing the circular economy here, China is at the same time constructing artificial islands in the South China Sea.
But while Europe is the most resource-dependent of all regions, we can benefit from resource scarcity or be hit hardest by it.
We need to reinvigorate the declining EU economy with a new competitive approach.
We are looking closely into this matter.
even though we, as ALDE, would have preferred to go even further, we know that you were working hard to get the different sides together.
This allows us, together, to make the best possible allocation of our scarce resources and to manage payments in the future, so that the drama we had in 2014 will not be repeated.
One is of particular importance for us in the AFCO committee.
In that context, we should listen to CEDEFOP who propose that adapting curricula and including environmental awareness with an understanding of sustainable development and business efficiency is better than proposing new training programmes.
The new jobs created in the green economy should be decent, secure and well paid.
As regards the small business sector, we have figures showing that 93% of small businesses have tried to take some small step towards resource efficiency.
Finally, I believe that a key highlight of Latvia’s presidency, in view of the country’s position, was the Eastern Partnership summit in May, where the EU met with its Eastern counterparts.
Let him come now.
Liberalisation of the audiovisual sector is excluded from the mandate, as you know.
There was a hearing in the Committee on International Trade (INTA).
That is a good thing.
However, his exploitation of the rules to delay the vote on the amendments in last month’s plenary was not President Schulz’s finest hour, and I very much hope that this does not happen again.
On the contrary, I welcomed the implementation of incentives to create producer organisations: I think they are the appropriate tool to address imbalances in the supply chain.
implementing the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs);
Matt Carthy (GUE/NGL), in writing.
It is entirely unfeasible for the EU jobsworths to believe that one of my elderly residents in a rural village of Shropshire should have to change the way she uses the bus just to get to the shops.
This time it is ‘Ein Reich, Ein Volk, Ein Ticket!’.
This is about human dignity.
Victor Boştinaru (S&D).
That said, Tunisia is a country in a particularly unstable region where our potential value added is commensurate with the size of the country and the crucial period of change the country is going through.
my condolences go to all their families and friends.
It would provide an enabling platform for constructive dialogue and for enhancing cooperation.
Mr President, I am grateful for the opportunity to discuss, on behalf of Federica Mogherini, the situation in Yemen with you today.
The poor people of Yemen have suffered structurally from a lack of inclusive democratic governments, and the tensions and violence that that have resulted, for the past decades.
At the same time, the talks with Iran give us hope that a more cooperative order in the region is indeed possible, and therefore once again I think it is justified that our High Representative is there and participating very actively in these discussions.
One can disagree about the content, but the fact that she has to raise her voice is, I think, clear and should not be challenged in any way.
We say we want more people-to-people contact, more public diplomacy and more civil society dialogue.
I am pleased that you are here, because this is the first time that we have in fact discussed this with you in the European Parliament.
As someone who takes a great deal of interest in the Western Balkans – as the rapporteur for Montenegro – I have followed events closely as the shadow for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
‒ In general, I fully support the Report on the Guidelines for the employment policies of the Member States, which underpins the Europe 2020 strategy within the context of the new approach to economic policy and supporting the achievement of smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
I did not want to support a text that is not crystal clear.
It is a vote on the Parliament’s recommendations to the negotiators.
After many weeks of delays due to divisions within the Socialist Group the EP adopted the text calling for ambitious negotiations to continue.
Moreover, I deeply regret the misinformation campaign against TTIP.
I am disappointed that some parliamentary groups banded together to weaken important elements of the report, such as the commitment to creating quality, secure jobs.
Siôn Simon (S&D), in writing.
Therese Comodini Cachia (PPE), in writing.
‒ I voted in favour of this report since I am in favour of strengthening developing countries’ capacity to deal with challenges, including in the field of taxation.
Broadly, I welcome elements of this report as it recognises the link between making better use of resources and minimising waste if we are to move to a more circular economy.
A circular economy in this sense should be a major medium- to long-term sustainability target for all the Member States and the Commission, in all available areas.
Moving towards a circular economy is essential to deliver on the EU’s resource efficiency agenda, which can also bring major economic benefits to Europe.
This is unsustainable.
The Report mainly calls for a change in legal basis, thus fully involves the Parliament as co-legislator and strengthens the role of the Commission in the implementation stage of the legislation
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
The ENP should become tailor made, with conditionality regarding the appliance of fundamental values and concrete progress, and on the other hand the ENP should be financially strong enough to influence the course of our neighbourhood.
A very significant number of citizens contacted me on this issue, and they were very concerned about it.
For this reason, public ‘country-by-country’ reporting for major international companies would represent an important step forward.
3.  it interferes with the free market;
‒ The EU carbon market must be a fair system which does not disproportionately affect some Member States.
The surplus is an obstacle to a balanced carbon market functioning undermining thus investment in low carbon technologies.
Mr President, this report is not perfect, but the principle is vital.
Let me also nevertheless remember all the women who have become victims of war rape, also in the Balkans, and whose grief is still not recognised all over the country.
We have also upheld the original seal ban and the EU’s commitment to strong animal welfare legislation from the original ban a few years ago.
And this is the basis upon which we work.
Instead, we, through our EU policy, should train and equip journalists, human rights defenders and others facing repression and violations with the knowledge and the tools to protect themselves and their communications.
If the EU legislator or the Member States has specified a conditional requirement to be respected before aid can be paid, then there needs to be a check that this condition or requirement has been met.
We are also looking at promoting innovation in both emerging and more traditional maritime sectors.
Such results would not have been thinkable only a few months ago.
Firstly, that cohesion policy has an incontestable role as the principal policy for reducing disparities.
Also, in many cases, there was very little emphasis given to ensuring that local populations in third countries gained long-term benefit from the exploitation of their resources.
This is an area where the Commission will remain very active.
Faster progress is possible.
Measures that are motivated essentially by ethical concerns can be proposed only under Article 352 of the Treaty – the flexibility clause.
In the Committee on International Trade we reviewed this proposal to ensure that it was absolutely compatible with WTO rules.
Rather, a move to a more sustainable approach to the entire food chain would benefit the customer, the farmer and the environment – a sustainable future, yes;
In this respect I looked with great interest at the European Parliament delegation visit to Minsk last June – the first such visit since 2002, as far as I know – and noted that the Members of this Parliament came back with a mixed and yet rather positive message tending in the same direction: the call for keeping communication channels open, resuming dialogue and working closely together.
Similarly, we have a difficult but essential job to engage Iran in the fight against ISIS and in resolving the conflicts within the region, thus dealing with the causes of today’s migrant crisis, not just its symptoms.
This does not wipe out all the things that keep us far apart from one another, but if we manage to find some common ground on some regional crisis or some global issues, such as non-proliferation where we managed to act together with a view to achieving results that are very much in line with our European agenda, then I think this is positive and we should encourage it.
That is true.
I do not intend to do so today.
My compliments go to you, High Representative, your predecessors Javier Solana and Catherine Ashton, and your teams.
We support social innovation that helps protect our societies.
The numbers are impressive.
I call for a European diplomatic offensive to address the crises in Syria and Libya.
Je crois que nous avons diminué au nombre de trois les recommandations par pays que nous avons proposées au Conseil.
I want this to be understood very clearly in Moscow.
The Baltics, Poland and others – mainly Poland and the Baltics – are very important members of the European Union and they should not think that we would not be there if in any way their security and their borders were in danger.
I also believe that Germany and Sweden’s position is particularly irresponsible.
I count on you and I thank you very much for the support you have provided thus far.
We have to insist on that in all such cases.
Therefore, adaptation to the adverse impacts of climate change is necessary for all countries to minimise negative effects and to make full use of the opportunities for climate resilient growth and sustainable development.
Mr President, I am very happy to be here this evening with the President of the Council of Agriculture Ministers, Fernand Etgen, and to outline the Commission’s response to the difficulties currently facing European farmers.
In addition to the continuing impact of that ban, we also have weakening demand in a number of key existing and prospective markets, notably China;
The time to act is now.
We need action: we do not need any more ‘blah, blah, blah’.
(in response to interjections: Colleagues, I am trying to keep order on a very lengthy and important debate) …
I hope that the Commission will give a swift response to that offer.
Madam President, on behalf of the Commission, I would like to thank Parliament for supporting the proposal to amend the Common Provisions Regulation as regards specific measures for Greece.
I am pleased that the EU Commissioner, Commissioner Crețu, seems open to that idea in the future.
Seán Kelly (PPE).
Combining those targets with feeding a growing population is going to be a challenge, but, by working with local authorities, we may have a better chance than through governments.
I would like to know, too, if the Commission is willing to take measures with regard to unfair clauses in Spanish mortgage law, in particular with regard to unfair commercial practices and the incorrect behaviour of the banks that provided all these people with the loans in question.
This communication identified options for an ambitious modernisation of the system.
I think it is so clear that we could wonder why it did not happen until now.
It is very simple.
This would include a range of measures funded from the European Union’s Programme Budget for Libya as well as the Instrument contributing to Stability and Peace (IcSP).
However, we are at a point where I do not believe that we can fundamentally trust the state always to get it right and to have that power of life or death, which cannot be undone.
These are the words pronounced by Pope Francis in front of the US Congress recently.
In conclusion, let me take the opportunity again to thank Parliament for the excellent technical cooperation that has characterised this dossier throughout the various steps of the adoption procedure.
There are forces around us, however, for whom the wave of refugees is just dirty business or a political bargaining chip.
And by extremes I mean both, on the one hand, anti-immigration rhetoric and, on the other, inviting everyone who wishes to come, despite being unable to take them under our roof.
Tamás Meszerics (Verts/ALE).
So it is time to rebuild our self-confidence and our mutual confidence in our ability to deal with this most pressing humanitarian issue effectively, and together
But do you not think, President Hollande and Chancellor Merkel, that it is at least a part of the problem that one or two countries decide for the rest?
Only a loose confederation of nation-states?
(As Putin already finances some right-wing parties in Europe, maybe that is the normal turn of events.)
It is therefore important to judge the measures not just in isolation but also as part of the comprehensive package.
So I hope that we can put these proposals as high up on our priority list as we put the EFSI a few months ago.
An assessment of this option has been carried out with a high level of participation by stakeholders.
Claude Turmes, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
Christos Stylianides, Member of the Commission, on behalf of the Vice—President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
MSF are there when almost everybody else has pulled out.
We have a responsibility to ensure that this type of tragedy does not happen again.
We need to engage Russia and Iran to find a solution urgently.
We keep on receiving complaints from citizens against alleged discriminatory practices, through various channels.
Thank you for your comments.
Was it because we did not have enough responsibility?
This foolish project would most certainly have negative repercussions on Europe’s security of supply and on the energy union as a whole.
I want to use the opportunity of this discussion today to assure you that my objective remains a renewed and robust arrangement for transatlantic data flows, taking into account the requirements set out by our highest court.
Demining along both sides of the line of contact has started.
I have good feelings from Ukraine and every time we speak of the reforms in Ukraine we must realise how difficult the conditions are under which the Ukrainian authorities are working for these reforms.
In today’s Western Europe, anti-Jewish hate crime, be it violence or hate speech, is usually perpetrated by Muslims, not by neo-Nazis.
Pierre Moscovici, Member of the Commission.
I have every hope that the promised reform of the ECI will make it a genuinely effective instrument.
The Commission is responsible for applying the rules in the Treaty, and the rules in the Treaty say that the European Citizens’ Initiative is an instrument to involve citizens in dialogue.
We would be amiss if we did not apply the rules simply because it would be nice to let people take initiatives.
Domestic resource mobilisation will not fill the gap soon.
Now, when discussing the crisis, the two sides in Israel are only numbering the deaths and wounded people in their camps.
The last time we met here in this chamber to discuss our common work on the Middle East Peace Process and Israel and Palestine was only six weeks ago.
Geoffrey Van Orden (ECR), blue-card answer.
How come that a democratically—elected government gets nothing but criticism and an authority with a president who was officially chosen until 2009 and still is in function gets all kind of support?
Sexual violence against women and children has reached shocking levels and these crimes go against the commitments made by all parties in South Sudan: commitments to protect its citizens and put an end to the human rights violations.
Why do we have to repeat the same patterns in different parts of the world?
To those who consider that we lack ambition with this report, I would say that sometimes in our work, and you all experience this, we want to bring more people on board for the ideas we consider important for European citizens – then, of course, our level of ambition falls to that of the common ambition.
We must remember that the internet was created to be an open platform for innovation and communication.
It will ensure that all internet traffic is treated equally, with some reasonable exceptions to overcome congestion.
This vote will mean that people no longer need to be afraid of facing huge bills just for keeping in touch with their family and their friends.
We need to restore effective external border control to start managing the situation on our borders.
Our children will face a whole new set of challenges, so now it is our turn;
We have set out our vision and the concrete measures necessary in various areas: investment plan, digital single market, energy union, European Agenda on Security, European Agenda on Migration, capital markets union, action plan for fair and efficient corporate taxation, new trade strategy, deepened and strengthened economic and monetary union.
There is a whole lot more that can be said about the process, but I would like to see more emphasis on the process, because the final outcome is a matter of political choice, political preference.
This is just to explain to everyone where I am sitting/standing.
The Commission refers to the Framework Financial Regulation for agencies, which limits the possibility for agencies to receive funding through ad hoc grants or delegation agreements to exceptional cases, in line with the principle of transparency and sound financial management.’
Moreover, the negotiations of the Network and Information Securities Directive, which aims to increase Member States’ capacity to react to cyber threats in a coordinated manner while imposing security requirements on critical infrastructure providers, should be completed by the end of this year.
I cannot bestow the label of hero upon a person who has endangered the lives of so many citizens across the world and those individuals serving overseas who risk their lives, day in and day out, to protect ours.
We are risking coming back as if somehow employment is the be—all and end—all.
In the lead-up to this European Semester, which will start with the annual growth survey next month, we have been consulting social partners, both trade unions and business representatives, on the priorities for the year ahead.
On some of the issues which have been raised during this debate: firstly, environmental measures or environmental policy-related measures in the European Semester bring us to the next debate on the Europe 2020 Strategy.
I would like to express my thanks to all the shadow rapporteurs who have participated in this difficult negotiation process.
Much of what he said makes sense: the difficulties with qualifications, skills, older people getting a job and the need for lifelong learning.
To be honest, I think that we missed the opportunity, and I will tell you why.
On the other hand, EU livestock protein producers are extremely dependent on imports of protein crops, which are mostly genetically modified soya.
I just want to say that I was in here at 8.25, before any of you arrived.
and – here is the vital point – a principle that every contributing sector must play its part in reducing harmful emissions.
To the extent that the vista ahead is any less bleak, the prime cause is not a sound basis for long-term progress;
It is also counterproductive, since it further limits the flexibility of the regions and peripheral countries which most need it.
Therefore, we agree and share Parliament’s desire to implement SESAR as quickly as possible.
We need to address them – you appreciate that, I know – to improve competitiveness of European airlines.
Regarding working conditions, in a competitive air transport market, pressure to reduce operational costs is high, which can have an impact on social matters.
We have taken decisions recently to create two trust funds.
To date, we have received pledges from nine Member States to contribute to the fund.
Speaking of enforcement, I have in mind especially enforcement at the level of the activity of police and procurement, because we are speaking here about criminal activity, which must be punished but also published, and which must be responded to from the side of society.
Given Burma’s recent history, this is remarkable.
Treating a single fall injury would cost more than specialised physiotherapy for a dozen patients for a year.
Why will these faceless bureaucracies not pay for the treatment their people are using?
Doru-Claudian Frunzulică (S&D).
We need to move ahead.
The WTO needs to continue the work on unresolved issues.
The proposed provisions support the structural reform of the World Trade Organization.
Then, during the whole translation and legal procedure, there will be plenty of time for discussion, and the Commission is ready to enter into that dialogue with you.
In conclusion, these many challenges cannot be solved through trade alone.
It also takes into account the differences in economic development that obviously exist between the EU and Ecuador by allowing Ecuador longer periods for dismantling tariffs and making some specific adjustments that it has requested.
It was then watered down by establishing only the Commission on Sustainable Development under the ECOSOC.
Mr President, last week saw a significant agreement made by the two largest political parties in the North of Ireland and with the Irish and British Governments.
For centuries Christians have lived, worked and prayed in the Middle East.
It has had a good start, and it is vitally important to this European Union and to the people of Europe that it does succeed.
We have retained in this tight budget EUR 2.3 billion in commitments and EUR 1.9 billion in payments.
It has focused specifically on one of the root causes of the problem, and this is where the solution should come from as well.
Well, surely one of the main reasons for high energy prices is vast subsidies to renewables and not allowing a free market in energy when – certainly in Britain – we have massive amounts of coal that could be dug up and used.
But for today, I really would just like to thank everyone for their contributions to this debate, and particularly Mr Langen and the shadow rapporteurs for all their hard work over three and a half years.
The European Parliament and in particular the Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality (FEMM) has organised a series of activities for tomorrow, in cooperation with the Commission and the Council of Europe.
At the same time, we need to work to strengthen and implement the legal channels we have already agreed on.
If we disinvested from the continent’s future, we would be hurting our own future.
The military will continue to occupy 25% of parliamentary seats, and, regardless of who forms the next government, three key ministers will come from the army.
Last but not least, the EU and Myanmar are currently negotiating an investment protection agreement, and the EU is also part of a labour rights initiative, together with other partners.
Our official results show that people frequently supported a symbol of the peaceful fight for democracy, namely the Nobel Peace Prize winner and Sakharov Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi.
The EU has also expressed appreciation for Georgia’s contribution to EU-led crisis management operations and missions in the Central African Republic and Mali, and to the EU Advisory Mission in Ukraine.
Anna Elżbieta Fotyga, on behalf of the ECR Group.
But the government there also has to realise that, first and foremost, these reforms are in its own interest, and it must not be seduced into turning its back on the EU in favour of those masquerading as its allies.
But things started to go wrong – totally wrong – day after day, with the unprecedented banking scandal with no full investigation until now and the clear evidence of corruption throughout all political segments and layers with, I am afraid, no visible efforts made to fight it.
There is one issue, however, which I am concerned about, and that is what happens when children get to the age of 16, 17 or 18 and want to go on to higher education.
Informal education is also the necessary first stage for the integration into formal education of a child, or even an adult, who has been out of school for a very long time.
Thank you so much again for your collaboration.
I agreed with the Commissioner when he said that we need both informal and formal education.
Mr President, I think I am the only Irish speaker here today and that is unfortunate in some respects, because if there is one thing that Paris showed us, it is that there is no single country, no single city, no football stadium, no restaurant, no individual in the Western world which is not now a target for the terrorists of ISIS.
You speak about tackling the root causes of terrorism.
We need simplification because debt is amplifying the risk of error, but we also need to be transparent so that we can then say what we are achieving with the funds we are investing.
There was also the attack on Father Parolari last week.
As I have said, your work on this matter could not have come at a more timely moment.
With Parliament’s support, the Commission will concentrate efforts in the area where EU action can bring added value but with full respect for the subsidiarity principle.
I believe that many of the market forces are active on the side of mitigation of climate change, but there is much less attention to adaptation.
Alfred Sant (S&D), in writing.
Yesterday, the Committee received the High Representative/Vice-President of the Commission, Mrs Mogherini, who again stressed the link between development and security.
Listening to your speech, I note that you are interested in closer cooperation but you still have great reservations about the Turkish Government.
On Sunday there was consensus among leaders that the EU is committed to providing an initial EUR 3 billion of additional resources.
The Commission will prepare a framework for such a voluntary scheme by 15 December.
We have to cooperate with Turkey.
Terrorist attacks leave behind individuals who have been injured, traumatised or lost their lives as a result of the attack.
We have got to rise to this policy challenge now.
The EU strongly opposes any attempt to assert territorial or maritime claims through the use of intimidation, coercion, force or any unilateral action which could cause further friction.
Under our proposals, national border guards will remain the key actors in managing their section of the borders and in the day-to-day work.
Our wider climate diplomacy efforts will not stop.
So let us make a good impact assessment, let us implement better legislation and let us go to that stock-taking exercise with the necessary ambition.
We spent a whole year discussing them.
What do they think when they hear that there are demands of social dialogues and labour standards, medical policies and climate change?
I welcome that this has clearly been stated in the report.
If police forces are not able to control the situation, make the army step in to ensure security in Calais just as they do in the rest of France.
Jussi Halla-aho (ECR).
I think that it is shocking to the point that I personally think that Mr Tusk should be asked to publicly apologise for this.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 162(8))
Let me specify one of them: Annex No 7.
Madam President, my colleagues have already ably and wisely listed the political lessons and constitutional complications emerging from a peace accord which, at the time of its making, was both necessary and reasonable but which became dysfunctional over time.
Madam President, the Dayton Agreement ended the bloodiest armed conflict in post—war Europe.
As the EU continues to focus attention on other regional and global priorities and foreign policy, the challenge for Bosnia remains of striking a balance between the need to promote ongoing reform processes to prepare Bosnia and Herzegovina for application for EU accession, and the capacity to quickly respond to challenges, particularly the one from Republika Srpska to Bosnia’s territorial integrity without the military presence of the EU’s EUFOR Althea, during a period of accelerating EU challenges in other theatres well away from the Western Balkans.
The Partnership and Cooperation Agreement, together with the Free Trade Agreement concluded two weeks ago, will allow us to go even further.
I hope he fares better than last time.
We have to act.
Ce n'est pas en se repliant sur soi que l'Europe pourra répondre aux attentes des Européens, qui veulent pouvoir créer une entreprise, trouver les financements y afférents, avoir à leur disposition des marchés ouverts, des systèmes de communication et de transport performants, des approvisionnements énergétiques sûrs et des facteurs énergétiques bon marché.
So when Schengen states talk of re-erecting borders, we finally focus on strengthening the EU’s external borders with talk about a European border guard.
there is no excuse for not doing so.
We are not dogmatic about them.
If we allow this sort of practice to continue, then we threaten food production, food security, plant innovation and biotechnology and essentially give further power to multinationals over our food supply.
Our wish is to avoid creating long-standing legal uncertainty for the biotech sector when revising or recasting the Biotech Directive.
Christos Stylianides, Member of the Commission.
Christos Stylianides, Member of the Commission.
But against this background, the European Union is concerned about some of the developments that have taken place in this country since 2014, developments which have affected freedom of expression and the rule of law.
The European Parliament has repeatedly called for the conclusion of this negotiation, which started in 2011.
We have to address these things in our relations with Malaysia.
Secondly, I would like to focus on the position of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection (IMCO) and mention three points from our report, which the rapporteur took on board.
Yes, it is true that the Commission largely shares the interest of Parliament in preserving ancient traditional fishing methods.
Jonathan Hill, Member of the Commission.
To reduce youth unemployment, several actions should be taken.
Third, young people’s employability can be further improved by adopting new teaching and training methods.
This is why our work and Eamon Gilmore’s mandate is focused very much on the implementation phase and how we can support it with all the different means that we have.
I believe the civil society inside Syria will play a major role in the implementation and monitoring of confidence-building measures, for example local ceasefires, and so the civil society in its different parts and ways needs to be brought into the discussion as early as possible, and all minorities and religious groups should have a say.
Concerning the reference to infringements in the same recital, the Commission considers this misleading as infringements proceeding are discussed with Member States in the context of the procedures set out under article 258 TFEU.”
This is one of the most challenging files that Parliament has seen, and in the most challenging of times.
The report also calls for us to ensure that we prevent censorship and that we prevent compromising our freedom of speech on the internet by limiting the liability of service providers.
We have to give legal access to digital content to our people, and that is why we have made the portability proposal.
I hope that in March we will be able to make our first proposal about industries.
a behavioural-economic, long-term catastrophe, especially for the UK.
Therefore, I voted against those amendments that call for a Consolidated Common Corporate Tax, otherwise, I voted in favour of this EP report.
‒ I voted in favour of the report because I am convinced by the growing importance of the need for intercultural dialogue, especially in the light of dramatic events such as the refugee crisis and the terrorist attacks in Paris.
Therefore I am most concerned by calls for further EU involvement in our education system.
It also focused on gender ideology and LGBTI rights, rather than rights and responsibilities for all European citizens.
‒ I voted in favour of this report on intercultural dialogue, cultural diversity and education.
I believe it is particularly important, at this time, that the Commission undertakes a cumulative impact assessment of all measures implemented in the wake of the financial crisis.
‒ I voted against this report because it calls for greater financial resources to be used to spread information on European financing instruments.
I have voted for this report that will not only improve citizens’ access to information, but will also maximise the growth potential of the digital economy and will improve governance and transparency in the EU and its Member States, within a single market.
To give you an idea of how big the sea change has been.
But then, that will mean that we cannot lean back.
There are reports, but if your government has got such evidence, why does it not go public about it?
It should stimulate Kosovo’s progress in the area of transport and energy as it foresees the gradual integration into Europe’s energy markets and the development of quality infrastructure.
The European Union continues to contribute to humanitarian aid, and let me say I count very much on this Parliament’s support for our action to be strengthened this year.
This is the same question as my colleagues have asked.
Federica Mogherini, vice-présidente de la Commission.
Mr President, after hearing what has been said I can only regret that the report I prepared in 2012 was four years too early.
At the same time – rightly or wrongly – the irritation people feel about rules made in ‘Brussels’ is never far away, and I believe there is only one way to counteract this: we need to achieve concrete results and make sure they are visible, and we need to stick to areas where the EU can achieve more than Member States can by themselves.
So my group will judge your Presidency not on the quantity but the quality of legislation that we see passed in the next six months.
We understand that they are now considering an appeal to the court’s decision;
After being cleared of all charges in 2014, an appeal was lodged against that decision.
The situation calls for urgent systematic and structural changes in North Korea.
We have drastically accelerated its delivery with the political agreement on the EU PNR, the proposal for a directive on terrorism, the November firearms package, the action plan on firearms trafficking, the EUROPOL Regulation adopted in December, the reinforced RAN Centre of Excellence to counter radicalisation, the launch of the EU internet forum to counter harmful content online and, just this week, the proposal to exchange the criminal records of non-EU nationals.
The victims of terrorism have been forgotten about time and time again.
We had a conference 10 days ago in the Netherlands which was based on the anti-ISIS coalition and the global coalition against terrorist fighters.
At the same time, Australia and New Zealand hold equal ambitions for opening new trading markets at bilateral level, offering the EU the chance to strengthen Asia—Pacific relations.
That is why we should promote the role of petitions in the work of the European Parliament.
Public services such as education, health, water supplies and audio-visual services are excluded.
it is a proposal or a draft for one country.
David Martin, on behalf of the S&D Group.
Madam President, I wish to thank Parliament for this debate.
Moreover, granting the status could result in the loss of more than 200 000 jobs, which will affect the steel industry in particular.
Here I would like to stress that the fitness check is an opportunity to consider how we can better ensure that the nature directives, which are key instruments in achieving our biodiversity goals, are both effective and efficient.
The ECB has acted to address the risk of too prolonged a period of very low inflation, and it will continue to play a key role in the overall policy-setting of the euro area.
These are not migrants;
Julie Ward (S&D).
I am referring in particular to the mediation efforts in the Women on Boards Directive negotiations with the Council and to the fact that she is trying by all means to relaunch the maternity leave file by proposing a roadmap towards a broader approach to a work and private life balance.
As the Commissioner began her initial intervention this morning, she highlighted the particular severity of the complex problem of undeclared work and the corresponding need for clear talking and for very definite and unequivocal conclusions, and she stated further intentions for action.
So what can we do to fix a broken system?
Neena Gill (S&D).
And yet we have seen far worse and we have prevailed.
I cannot say thank you to you all, but there are two people I would like to single out:  Edouard Ferrand, an outstanding politician, and Marine Le Pen, magnificent Marine.
The world is our oyster, but inside the European Union, Britain’s future is as a clam.
This means that Serbia should support Kosovo’s bids to join the United Nations or to join organisations like FIFA or UEFA or others and not block them, because that is being part of a cooperative international community.
More focus is needed on delivery of results in the fight against organised crime and corruption.
It has sometimes gone in cycles up and down, but I can tell you that the European Union will continue to assist Kosovo, including through its strength and presence on the ground.
The visa can help there, but at the same time I think Commissioner Hahn mentioned that combating corruption and organised crime, and the independence of the judiciary and the specialist chambers, are really important elements in this.
They provided an invaluable service to Haiti and to the EU through their vigorously independent and professional observation and analysis.
Therefore I find it important that we are putting forward these two issues: constitutionality and dialogue.
(Applause)
Indeed, just two months earlier there was the October Beer Festival, where hundreds of women reported sexual harassment.
So harassment of women is not a new phenomenon.
Citizens in the UK already benefit from our membership of the EU.
I do appreciate the special relationship that exists between Nigeria and the European Union.
they do not understand that it is all part of ‘cohesion’ and to make for easier European governance.
We are happy that we can share that together.
The debate is closed.
Mr President, the problem was that it was not clear what it was we were supposed to be voting on or not voting on.
I think he is still in doubt and he does not know at the moment what he is going to do, and I think that is a better answer to Mr Corbett’s question than saying that they should ask the Members themselves.
But I think there is every chance now that the momentum is on our side of the argument.
Martina Anderson (GUE/NGL).
You did not even reply.
So far my conclusion is: because they don’t bloody well care in here.
What I said was that, unless we get decent answers on this – because we were robbed: EUR 500 million on three occasions this year has been borrowed and burned because of this – what I am saying is that, if the Irish people do not get listened to here, they should take that into account, the ones that live in Britain – some of them who had to leave during this crisis, some of them in their 20s – a quarter of a million people from Ireland had to leave.
That is not patriotic;
We need simple, decisive action that goes to the root of the problem: public and private investment.
We are committed to bringing economic and social levels across Europe closer and closer to the best performers.
This is where EURES will aid in filling these vacancies.
Europeans are consuming more or less the same amount of oil as every year, but our production has decreased by almost 50% and the amount of oil that will eventually come into the EU from Tunisia is about 1.7%.
The European Parliament and the European Commission have to send a clear signal that normalisation of Kosovo’s relations with Serbia, and respect for minorities, is a precondition for Kosovo’s European integration.
The debate is closed.
James Nicholson (ECR).
When pig farmers are being destroyed throughout Europe, this Parliament did not see fit to put on that debate when we had the Commissioner and everybody here.
It is compatible with all forms of organisations, including private ports.
Madam President, first of all I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Jávor, on his very comprehensive work.
Let me start first with the role of prevention.
Madam President, I would first like to congratulate Ms Ward on her birthday – coincidentally, I share the same birthday as my mother as well.
It is therefore very fitting that on International Women’s Day we take a good hard look at how we do things here, at who makes the decisions and whether or not we can see ourselves reflected in the power structures.
Now, the role of the European Union.
People come to Greece and Italy because from there they have been able to travel unhindered to a handful of northern European welfare states.
The issue up for debate is one where we, as institutions, have come together and demonstrated our firm intent to strengthen our cooperation.
We are only at the start of our discussion within the Council on implementation, but the Presidency in particular intends to look at how the Council deals with impact assessments and how to take forward the overall ‘better regulation’ package presented by the European Commission.
We need to accelerate the positive changes of the previous decades, to create the kind of society where every boy and girl can thrive.
This was even before the UNHCR adopted gender guidelines.
As has been said, women’s rights are universal rights.
These safeguards would need to be set out legally and would need to govern any mechanism under which responsibility would be transferred for assessing an asylum claim.
These pathways include resettlement, humanitarian admission, private sponsorship and refugee—friendly family reunion, as well as student scholarships and labour mobility schemes.
The pledging conference organised by the UNHCR for 30 March will be the next opportunity.
It is for this reason that I have voted against the Parliament’s Port Services Reportk, and I will continue working with UK ports and unions to oppose this regulation.
MEPs should consider carefully how all policy measures can have impacts, both direct and indirect, impacts on women.
Julia Reid (EFDD), in writing.
Most of these women asylum seekers and refugees in the EU face an exceptionally challenging situation which needs to be highlighted.
UKIP voted against this non-legislative and non-binding report.
But the work to defend democracy is a much greater task.
Prime Minister, I am very honoured to welcome you in this Chamber, where you have just done exactly that.
Firstly, all political parties need to assume their responsibilities and ensure the full implementation of all their commitments in a sustainable manner.
This issue shall be addressed again after the parliamentary elections and, on that basis, the Council will refer to the matter.
As your draft resolution rightly points out, further progress in Montenegro’s accession negotiations continues to depend on progress in this area.
We are well aware that Montenegro currently is facing a difficult political situation and that this could hamper the reform efforts.
In this respect the European Parliament’s important contribution through its work in the stabilisation and association parliamentary committee is most welcome.
Mr President, last week Donald Tusk gave a very clear message to potential irregular migrants when he said: ‘do not come to Europe, do not believe smugglers’.
Will it be tied to clear targets that must be met?
However, we are still not aware of the implications and risk of transmission of the Zika virus.
Julie Girling, on behalf of the ECR Group.
Gunnar Hökmark (PPE), blue-card question.
The MiFID legislation will also play a role.
I hope that we will be able to make some more progress on the money market funds file in the Council where I think we have greater prospects of progress.
The extensive list of journalists harassed by the authorities is worrying.
Vladimir Kozlov;
Anti-Gypsyism, a specific form of racism closely related to deep-rooted negative stereotyping and stigmatisation of Roma, is on the rise.
The Commission considers, therefore, that it has not exceeded its implementing powers.
This is even more important in the current context of the ongoing refugee crisis and of serious threats to fundamental human rights and democracy due to the recent terrorist attacks.
Madam President, first of all allow me to welcome this own-initiative report on fisheries issues within the international agreement on the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea on the conservation and sustainable use of marine biodiversity in areas beyond national jurisdiction, better known as BBNJ.
I am happy to say that the report rightly focuses on this important development, which should bring international maritime law up to date with developments in the last 30 years.
So it is of enormous potential both in terms of tourism, energy creation, fishing and fish processing, and research and innovation, and I would urge the Commissioner, who I know is committed to this, to promote the blue economy and its very valuable potential for supporting the rural regions in our communities.
The fact that these schemes make it so easy for the rich to gain rights within the EU while others literally risk their lives to get here also sends a wrong message.
Our ambition should be to ensure that the EU becomes the most attractive and business—friendly region globally.
When I was looking at the last time this issue was discussed in plenary, I saw that it was in 2011, so I am really glad that this Parliament is addressing it for the first time in plenary.
There are issues where we see space for cooperation and mutual benefit.
So we do have a fundamental role as the European Union.
We have seen too many mistakes in the past, just because we did not consider the consequences of an action.
A regional approach is therefore required.
This will be a crucial element to increase acceptance in our societies.
Bill Etheridge (EFDD), blue-card question.
The emphasis on new markets and new financial instruments is welcome but brings no immediate relief.
I have prioritised a number of areas and countries to visit to identify and build on new market opportunities.
Yesterday, Vice-President Katainen told the Council of the opportunities offered by the European Fund for Strategic Investments (EFSI) in agriculture.
But what he can and must do is find ways to help the industry become more productive, more competitive and more sustainable.
They were jailed on the decision of a kangaroo court.
We need to make optimal use of the tools we already have.
The collection of data, such as fingerprints (already mentioned by others) at the borders within Europe, has been a disastrous example.
We cannot expect quick results in security if after each attack we proclaim our determination but then water down every good proposal on the table.
‒ The world is changing rapidly and so is the context in which the EU is situated.
I welcome the intention to mobilise additional EUR 10 million approved by the Member States for urgent research on the Zika virus in response to the upsurge in cases of severe congenital brain malformations across Latin America, and their suspected link to Zika virus infections (as seen in Brazil and French Polynesia).
David Casa (PPE), in writing.
While a temporary limited renewal was justified, above all, I voted for much stricter conditions that will prohibit or at least limit the use of glyphosate in the private sector and on public grounds.
Daciana Octavia Sârbu (S&D), in writing.
The renewal period of 15 years proposed by the Commission is certainly too long and while I understand that the substance cannot be completely banned due to the lack of alternatives, stricter limitations need to be applied until such alternatives are found.
Moreover, there are serious doubts as regards a possible mode of action in relation to the endocrine disrupting properties of glyphosate, and in the absence of proper scientific horizontal criteria an endocrine-mediated mode of action cannot be ruled out.
Moreover, the resolution misuses the precautionary principle, dismisses the existing regulatory framework for the sustainable use of pesticides and attempts to forge a link between glyphosate and potential endocrine disrupting properties despite both EFSA and the USEPA concluding that there is no evidence of such effect.
Kaja Kallas (ALDE).
So why are we not focusing on those known suspects?
Madam President, I have little to add.
Ninety-seven per cent of it is in Asia, and although like us it has a history that shares the glories of Greece, Rome and the Italian Renaissance, it is not part of European culture.
The EU urges that the peace process be relaunched as there is no military solution to the Kurdish question.
Those are not just my concerns.
Part of these measures included the SME supporting factor, which was intended to provide an incentive to banks to lend to SMEs as they would receive a slightly lower capital charge for this type of lending.
This is what has begun to happen.
Nigel Farage, on behalf of the EFDD Group.
We can be critical of different solutions, maybe because no solution will be perfect anyway.
I wholeheartedly acknowledge the fact that Turkey currently houses and provides for more than 2.5 million refugees and may require assistance.
Let us do it, but let us do it now.
I believe that, fundamentally, energy and water are essential resources which are necessary for the survival of any household in the European Union.
Fourthly, public-private partnerships must mobilise long-term – not short-term – private finance and hold the private sector accountable to public sector tendering processes, transparency and scrutiny.
We should have learned from the loan to Ford, which cost this country thousands of jobs, but clearly we just keep giving our money away.
In all of that, the EIB plays an increasingly active role.
I therefore ask you to vote in favour of Amendments 5, 6 and 7 in order to ensure that the resolution we will adopt tomorrow not only paints an accurate picture of the reality of projects in our missions in this region but also that it does not call into question the fundamental principles of this important fund.
At the 32nd International Conference of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement you referred to – as I said earlier this evening – the Union reiterated its commitment to advocate strongly and consistently respect for international humanitarian law.
To that end, dialogue and the sharing of best practices between stakeholders and the Member States should be reinforced, and appropriate legal training should be provided for social workers, judges and police officers.
More concretely we are considering measures on the following aspects.
The statement with Turkey of 18 March is a very ambitious one.
For example, this evening the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE) is going to have an extensive debate on this matter: therefore, the EPP Group would oppose the addition of this item at this time.
We have all of these things, and we can thank the EU and its cohesion policy for much of it, because the reasons why we cannot have these things is because our industry has been destroyed – we were the home of the industrial revolution – and we are subjected to mass, uncontrolled immigration into our area, which means we do not have the places for people to go into the schools or the houses or the hospitals.
Gazprom has been, and is still, the main tool of Russian foreign policy.
It would be hypocritical and contradictory on our part to condemn the war in Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea on one hand while on the other we further increase our own dependence on Russia in the field of energy.
The agreement with Liberia will bring fisheries revenues and support fishermen in a country which is still reeling from last year’s Ebola outbreak.
The Netherlands will also organise a meeting at the end of this month about multi-stakeholder participation, and yes, we consider it of the greatest importance to maintain the indivisible nature of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development with the Addis Ababa Action Agenda as an integral part of the 2030 Agenda.
On the external side: we are working on how best to adapt our external action and our development policy to fulfil the Agenda, contributing also to the commitments we have undertaken on climate change at COP 21 in Paris and aspects of our EU global strategy that we debated in this Hemicycle just last night.
The European Commission has to motorise the steps that are taken to achieve them but also to support the Member States all the way.
If an agreement is reached, and I am quite positive about that, the European Union could provide overall over EUR 1 billion in 2016 and 2017 for these initiatives, both in Jordan and Lebanon.
I hope that, when more resources become available, we will be able to put more money into the area, but we also need to look at our trade policy and other policies to see how we can help Jordan.
This also means that, for instance, the World Food Programme, which I met just a few weeks ago, is now financed until the end of the year, which is something that has never happened before.
They deserve a country that can guarantee them a normal life.
The violations of fundamental freedoms, including the April decision not to grant amnesty to political prisoners, remain highly alarming.
Demolition of a house or a humanitarian project has of course a very strong economic impact on those involved, and also on us, but this is not just about money and we know this very well: this is about the present for the people and the future of the political settlements.
The Quartet report will address these issues and will also include some substantial recommendations for the way forward, and I will be very glad to discuss the report with you in the coming weeks in one of the next part-sessions, because we know very well that what is key is working at the concrete perspective of the two states and how to put that in place in the near future.
This is not about free trade.
Chinese prices are not generally reliable, and they do not respond to market forces.
We cannot subject our companies to the oncoming onslaught of Chinese export without any means of defence, and we will not.
Please address it.
Many Member States, including my own, have already put in place successful structural reforms.
What are you going to say to them?
I can perhaps sympathise with the thinking behind the idea, but that some countries will be able to exonerate themselves from responsibility by payment is not, in my view, the best road towards effective solidarity.
Now in the Commission’s third report it is concluded that Turkey has achieved remarkable progress.
We heard from the Commission that the investment plan is going to reach all walks of life.
Once this regulation is applied in spring 2017, it will give us the right framework for this to happen, first of all, by making Europol an information hub for law enforcement in the Union.
When we started working on this directive, my home country, Sweden, had a system where graduate researchers, doctors, engineers and others who had received a PhD from outside Europe were given 14 days to basically leave the country once they had completed their studies or their research projects.
I’m confirming the need that victims are properly provided for, with healthcare, accommodation, material assistance and legal support.
Here we all have a role to play;
The EU has created the perfect environment for trafficking to flourish.
Thousands of people died on the way or in exile.
Our assessment has shown that platforms are innovative, have a positive impact on our economy, and increase competitiveness.
So there is still a lot to be done here.
It has declined year after year – and that’s your model?
We know those fears about mystery shopping surveys but, once again, 2% out of all the people who tried to buy goods or services from another Member State could not get access to those websites because their IP address was wrong, from the wrong country;
Here, once again, this Parliament has helped to deliver a European strategy that is comprehensive: saving lives at sea, providing humanitarian assistance, strengthening our borders, supporting the countries most under pressure, relocating and resettling people in need of international protection, returning irregular migrants to their home countries, and creating safe and legal routes for asylum-seekers from outside the European Union.
The real work starts now: modernising our economy and changing the way we produce and consume.
The Council also welcomes the agreement reached in the negotiations between the Commission and its United States counterparts.
We have to get rid of that.
But protectionism isn’t fair;
Jonathan Hill, Member of the Commission.
Their value fluctuates like any physical currency, and this works in a bubble which is unregulated and pretty much unregulatable.
Well it wants to do the same thing that it does with everything that it does not currently control – it wants to interfere and to regulate.
Madam President, I have a message for my London constituents: Do not believe the opinion polls in the EU referendum campaign.
Also, these measures still have to be implemented and implementation is under way, and of course time will tell whether those two packages are up to the task and to see whether or not we can level supply and demand.
I believe that the MMO is now playing a very important role in providing up-to-date, reliable information, on the basis of which, operators and other stakeholders can make important commercial decisions.
We need to respond to their questions.
So we will support the report and we thank the rapporteur for her efforts, but we do have some concerns in areas which we cannot support.
There is, however, a broader point at hand.
Mr President, I would like to commend the rapporteur for a lot of what she says about the New Alliance for Food Security and Nutrition.
It deals with a critical issue bearing on so many current concerns in our countries.
So if anyone is in any doubt that that is the direction of travel, all you need do is look at the amendments to this report.
But this success has come at a high environmental cost.
Effective integration also entails an understanding and subscribing to EU fundamental rights and values.
Refugees and migrants come to Europe with a diversity of skill-sets that can contribute to our economies.
The blatant failure of the Bangladesh international crimes tribunal to meet fair trial standards is fuelling more violence and extremism.
We are seeing far too many journalists going to jail.
I think it is important to say that.
We will of course promote this.
Other inquiries are still pending so there is a solid judicial framework.
We want and will be ambitious.
This is important because I believe that we need a system that energises growth, a tax system that is built for growth, ensuring that fair rules are respected and that the economy works for everybody.
To start with, the focus will be on improving border and migration management on the ground.
It is a no-go, and the Commission must realise that the EU-Turkey statement, or deal, or whatever status it has, is a dead end.
What we need to do is to open the door.
I am left scratching my head completely at this proposal.
It was a lot of people who were protesting for better lives, for human rights, for freedom of expression, for all those things that we are saying we are trying to stand for.
So it is no coincidence that Erdoğan yesterday signed a law that allows criminal charges to be brought against those 138 MPs whose immunity has been lifted in such an undemocratic way.
These challenges and difficulties are also confirmed by the draft regulation.
Let us think what we could do more and differently than we have done so far.
(The sitting was suspended for a few moments)
He said, and I quote, ‘civilised society should never allow any government, whatsoever its ideology or political creed, to derogate from universal human rights and isolate its people behind an iron curtain on the pretext of non-interference into the nation’s internal affairs’.
The Lisbon Treaty was very important in that regard – the Lisbon Treaty that took probably 10 years to negotiate and, of course, in my own country, took two referendums to pass.
Freedom of expression and peaceful assembly are the cornerstones of any democratic society.
therefore, I believe that we should treat the real root causes behind radicalisation, namely marginalisation, discrimination and inequality.
Iranian banks have been cut off from the international financial system for the same period of time.
It is not the European Commission that can direct the Member States in those fields.
I speak to you today in the name of a nation that abhors war and desires life and peace.
There is a case in Spain where we have an enormous amount of renewable energy that is not passing over the border of France.
But who will make it happen?
We need clear rules, we need stability and, in this respect, I would like to emphasise something that maybe has not been emphasised that much so far.
So once again, our thanks to this Parliament for the recognition you have given our country.
There is no longer a record of them in our civil registers.
And we need somebody to arbitrate here, we think, in this particular situation.
Following this result, which we respect, there is deep, deep regret but there is also a strong resolve to show unity in our response.
I am glad to see that the Commission has ensured values are at the heart of the EU’s trade strategy.
Sustainable development in trade policy is an area where Parliament and the Commission clearly share an interest and a strong engagement.
To do this, we must work together.
But, while this modern-day slavery is rooted in injustice, inequality and exploitation, the environment within which it resides is fluid, ever changing and adapting to survive.
In the last few months we have approved many measures, such as exchange of tax rulings, country—by—country reporting and the Anti—Tax Avoidance Directive, and we will have others: the Anti-Money Laundering Directive, automatic exchange of information, and so on.
In the future we also want to involve our JTIs in that process to explore more synergies based on the excellent work that has already been undertaking by the Clean Sky, that maximise the impact of their projects through tailor-made synergies with regional interests in aeronautics.
Education and vocational training will play a key role and we will do our utmost to support the Commission in coming up with this new concept.
But it was all lost.
You have your own work to do to adjust and to go forward, but this was not just a wake—up call for the UK.
Some in Brussels draw different conclusions and, instead of wanting to get on with a friendly relationship with the UK, foster hope that maybe a part of the United Kingdom can remain in the EU, rolling out the red carpet for the First Minister of Scotland.
77% of European citizens want more European action in the fight against unemployment;
That is what is at stake.
Now we need to do the best thing and that is to avoid divisive conflicts.
From the Women’s Rights Committee’s perspective, I also welcome that there is specific reference in this document to the need to recognise gender and the importance of gender budgeting in the work of the MFF and the revision and review processes, because it is clear that without measurement we cannot determine the outcomes.
How can you plan for Brexit until negotiations begin and until Article 50 is triggered?
Sandra Kalniete, on behalf of the PPE Group.
What is going on in China now is comparable to the Holocaust in Nazi Germany in its enormity and horror.
Since the year 2000, an estimated 1 million to 1.5 million have been killed for their organs in enforced organ harvesting.
Finally, I agree with you that we have to speak with one voice.
We have to be consistent and coherent.
The new capital flows that the Basel Committee recommends will not fit all European banking systems.
That is the kind of reform that my Group will continue to champion.
Do away with all the issues that we should not be focusing on, and let us take on the big issues, the ones where there is added European value.
What you say here, honourable Members, and then your resolution, will help us shape the letter of intent which will be sent to you on 14 September in parallel with the President’s State of the Union address.
On migration and the refugee crisis, we want to work to help the most vulnerable, but also ensure that national governments have a final say.
I have listened very carefully and we have noted every single comment.
This is by far the best possible approach.
Mr President, I would like to thank the rapporteur, Ms Stevens, for her report on the implementation of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
The Commission has made over EUR 1.5 million available in support.
Article 4 is very clear in this regard;
Access to justice is not just about fair legislation: it is about legal procedures which must be adjusted to the needs of persons with disabilities, inter alia through EU judicial training programmes.
This gives us a special responsibility and a special role to play that includes many different issues.
The communication will be a key instrument for us to engage our institutions – European institutions and Member States – in the support to the Tunisian transition.
It offers no accountability, but blatant amnesty, for the many economic crimes committed against the Tunisian people, and its state.
2. Could the Commission elaborate on how any civil society involvement would be financed?
We also propose to include new shark and ray species in CITES Appendix II.
Finally, two issues were raised which are part of our Presidency’s responsibility.
We all know that enforcement for now is the key problem to be urgently solved.
It is a good summary of our six months’ work in the EMIS Committee of Inquiry.
Kathleen Van Brempt, on behalf of the S&D Group.
Mairead McGuinness (PPE), in writing.
For this purpose, a review of the strategies after 2017 seems mandatory in order to boost the efficiency and effectiveness of them, taking also into account the lessons learned from the initial years of their implementation.
Victor Negrescu (S&D), in writing.
GUE/NGL’s position in favour of a focus on public support for developing renewable energy, access to the grid, the right to self-generation, decentralised solutions, and energy efficiency measures, etc. have been largely ignored.
‒ Heating and cooling is the largest energy sector especially in homes around the European Union.
However, many of the local authorities are still lacking the administrative capacity to properly participate in the OPs.
Julia Reid (EFDD), in writing.
I hope to preserve ETC post-2020 by increasing its funds because of its important role and positive impact on the European integration project.
The report calls on the Commission and the Member States to consider preserving ETC as an important instrument.
‒ I voted in favour of the Interim report on the inquiry into emission measurements in the automotive sector.
This is why I have voted in favour of this report, which will be a stepping stone into the second half of the inquiry committee’s mandate.
It should also be highlighted that the European Union is not leading any kind of witch hunt against American corporations.
That is why we need clarity, and the European Court of Justice (ECJ) is the only institution to provide that clarity.
We will not forget or let go of this priority.
it’s absolutely needed.
This is, of course, one of the most important initiatives on the Commission’s work programme of this year and will directly contribute to our promise to deliver on jobs, growth and fairness.
I would urge you very much to welcome this report with me.
But would he agree with me that we really must ensure a common UK approach within this, which must respect and represent the interests of London, Gibraltar, Scotland and Northern Ireland, and also that the timescale on this must give us the flexibility to work out the plurality of views within the UK in order to reach some sort of common position to present to our European friends?
That it is his problem.
I know from conversations with colleagues from across the political Groups that this is not an isolated case.
I trust the proposal will be adopted soon by the Council.
There is a concentration of applications in the manufacturing, automotive construction and aviation sectors.
The average share of beneficiaries aged 55 or more was three times that of beneficiaries aged 15 to 24.
On the death penalty also, it is disturbing that Somalia has ended the de facto moratorium.
Economic reforms alone, however, are unlikely to be sufficient in achieving full re-engagement.
I look forward to continuing our strong and fruitful cooperation as we go forward.
Wherever Syrian refugee children are, we have to support them and their parents.
We will promote programming coordination with other donors, who can focus on nutrition-specific interventions, thus complementing the Commission’s focus on nutrition-sensitive issues.
The plundering of these fish stocks has led to serious protein deficiencies within these communities.
EUR 5.1 million in relation to the sanitation and humanitarian reception conditions to care for the irregular migrants present in Calais, and with EUR 1.68 million emergency assistance under ISF—Borders for strengthening security efforts and checks at the Channel Tunnel.
Even by the standards of the EU, this is madness.
I am confident that we have contributed to increasing mutual trust in Member States’ judicial systems.
We simply cannot tolerate that these torture and execution products are circulated through our ports or through our territory.
So I hope that Parliament with the vote today will confirm the agreement that we reached last May.
Thank you very much, but combinations of innocent medicines could also be lethal under certain circumstances.
‒ I voted in favour of this report.
UKIP MEPs have abstained on this legislative report.
‒ The EU is a global leader of the sustainable development agenda, and the relationship between the EU and the ACP countries is a cornerstone of that agenda.
Jonathan Arnott (EFDD).
Algirdas Saudargas (PPE).
It took 16 years for the Lebanese people to put an end to their civil war.
Tough words, but the most appropriate description of the carnage in Aleppo.
Finally, the last lesson to learn: let’s start to make our own defence community and to develop our own capabilities, because that is the only way for the coming years to secure our neighbourhood.
Madam President, Mr Korčok, as regards Mr Putin, this is a question of a cult of power.
Pavel Telička (ALDE), blue-card answer.
There was a counter proposal ‘Save the women’ and you could also have had an open debate looking at liberalising the abortion law that exists in Poland, but you did not.
It is about women that are being raped, women that are victims of incest, possible health complication, miscarriages.
Continue to speak up.
We propose a stronger management structure with a management board on top of the Secretariat.
I think you have to talk about the tragedy in Syria.
That means two things: a fully-fledged Banking Union.
Just imagine that Africa and the next generation will have anywhere between 3 and 6 billion people.
The same need not apply for the EU’s internal arrangements once Brexit has been consummated.
We want to see the European Commission, the Council, the Member States and the international community, as well as developing countries’ governments commit to fighting all forms of malnutrition and to mobilise long-term financial investments for food and nutrition security and sustainable agriculture.
Also it calls on the EU to influence countries on nationalising industries, but the EU has no right to intervene in nation state affairs.
Furthermore the resolution is calling for a strong European long-term strategy on industrial policy.
The EU should set the highest standards in this field.
We can soon discuss the key findings and conclusions, but before that let us think for a moment why these reports are made.
Through the annual reports on monitoring the application of EU law, the Commission reports on its work and explains how it exercises its powers as Guardian of the Treaties.
Secondly, I would like to say that it is very important that we continue to open up what better regulation means.
Serious human rights violations have been perpetrated by state actors, government—supported militia and rebel forces in impunity.
IFRS 9
As for refugees from Syria, now the EU has concluded the deal with Turkey not to allow refugees from Syria to EU.
‒ I voted in favour of this cross-party resolution on the dire situation in Syria, commending the Union’s emergency response to the humanitarian crisis in Aleppo.
‒ I support measures aimed to mitigate global warming and agree with the motion which states clearly that this should not be seen as an obstacle to striving for economic growth but should, on the contrary, be seen as a driving force in the realisation of new and sustainable economic growth and employment.
I voted in favour because I believe that further harmonisation at EU level for non-harmonised materials through specific measures based on scientific evidence would be a step in the right direction, giving priority to those materials that constitute a particular risk to human health and are in bigger demand on the EU market.
Cătălin Sorin Ivan (S&D), in writing.
I voted in favour of this report which sets out the application of EU law in the Member States for the year 2014.
One: to set a common approach for defining what a customs infringement is;
We mourn her still, and so in her name I urge the EU External Action Service to set out a clear human rights framework as part of the EU’s engagement with the Iranian Government going forward from this report.
We reaffirm our commitment to ensuring effective implementation of the political declaration and reaffirm our engagement in the upcoming negotiation of the global compact for migration, to be concluded by 2018.
It is potentially breaking up from inside out.
The number of complaints about withdrawal issues against IronFX has escalated over this year as the cyberspace foreign exchange trading company refuses to pay clients’ deposits and profits for months.
We have already seen, with the European Border and Coast Guard and with European Fund for Strategic Investments, what we can achieve when we all put our full efforts into negotiations.
The last couple of years have been really encouraging for our mutual cooperation in many areas that are very important today.
But there are areas where we agree we need to work together – on fighting terror, on working with NATO on security and defence, on tackling the causes of the refugee crisis, on confronting climate change and reducing our carbon footprint, on re-energising trade relations in the single market.
My second point is that, in the preparation of the Commission Work Programme, we have gone extensively through debates with your Parliament, starting with the debate on and after the State of the Union address by President Juncker leading up to the letter of intent;
Yes, we need a pro—growth policy and, yes, everybody would agree worldwide that what Europe lacks most is investment.
If I look at what the Commission wants to do on the social pillar side, I think that looks good, but, how exactly is that going to look?
Nirj Deva, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Development.
Madam President, first of all I would like to thank the Commissioner very much for this very important corporate tax reform package.
Madam Harkin, just a quick question: surely the Irish Republic is making a great deal of money out of their differential tax rates?
Parliament has a good voice for this in my colleague, Mr Løkkegaard.
I believe the compromise we reached represents the best agreement possible to bridge these differences.
In order to keep the Schengen system borderless, we have to prove to our citizens that we are in control of our external borders.
Le vostre parole parlano al nostro cuore e ora vi comunicherò quello che penso.
Many fears and concerns have been expressed about the conduct and consequences of the campaign.
These returns are happening without an accompanying measure in favour of those who return and of the communities that will receive and reintegrate them.
Allow me now to briefly highlight some of the EU policies and actions.
But responding to Russia’s current actions is something which should unite us, rather than divide us.
we should have imposed more sanctions, and we should be looking at whatever instruments we have.
the winners are China, Russia and other countries, because they will get to set the standards, not Europe.
We are simply reacting to steps taken by Russia, which is working with considerable energy and focus to weaken and divide the EU.
Thank you very much for your help.
I want us to get on with it, because this club is very expensive.
‒ I voted against this budget put forward by the Parliament as it reintroduces cuts which were decided by Member States in the Council.
This MFF ‘review’ adds to the flexibility;
The first thing we should look at is having a far bigger emergency fund: look at what has happened since we discussed the last MFF –the way migration has taken off and the funding required for that: nobody anticipated it a number of years ago.
we believe the first resort should be finding money for EU priorities within existing budget lines.
This directive is an important step towards an inclusive digital society, ensuring that public sector bodies’ websites and mobile applications will have to be made accessible to everyone.
Miriam Dalli (S&D), in writing.
Unemployment in general remains one of the main challenges that Member States are facing.
The semi-fluid or solid consistency of palm oil makes it a suitable alternative to partially hydrogenated oils and fats, which contain increased levels of trans fatty acids.
The reality is that the Court of Auditors, for the 21st year in a row, has issued an adverse opinion on the legality and regularity of the payments underlying the accounts of the European Union, which of course would be a very serious thing indeed in accountancy circles.
In 1825, the fastest anyone could go was dictated by the speed of a horse – about 20 mph maximum, in very short bursts.
Also, governments wanted to provide people with more leisure opportunities by making the most of daylight time.
Why do we deny scientific evidence of social jetlag?
Cooperation with education and training providers is also an integral part of the Youth Guarantee.
We have policy measures in place to address the most severe risks and are continuing to monitor developments in this issue.
Having said that, I understand – from your words, of course, but also we are aware – that there are concerns as regards the risks associated with low interest rates and our unconventional measures.
As a result, euro area firms and households have experienced more favourable borrowing conditions.
Valdis Dombrovskis, Vice-President of the Commission.
Tatjana Ždanoka (Verts/ALE).
This cooperation with the Council of Europe is particularly important and I really hope Turkey will address the concerns of the Council’s Commissioners for Human Rights.
Dear colleague, you mention the immediate suspension of the process of accession of Turkey, and I agree with lots of things that you said.
I am confident that many members of the AK Party still share this vision.
Given the US election results, the EU has to be even more active on this front.
I believe that specific work that the European Union could do – fruitfully and in a very positive manner – would be to invest in the younger generations, on both the Israeli and the Palestinian sides, to work for constituencies for peace on both sides.
Furthermore, both sides, the Israelis and Palestinians, have the responsibility to revive this process for the sake of their own citizens.
Now security and defence is a major, if not even the main concern of European citizens which was finally heard by the EU leaders.
I am not among those who would seek to raise false alarms, but there is much that we need to rethink.
we need credible power in order to be able to engage in conflict prevention successfully.
To develop the technologies of the future, it is very clear to all of us, I believe, that we need to start investing now, but a big part of our work can also deliver concrete results in a shorter timeframe, and, with the implementation plan on security and defence, we are moving fast in this field too.
It is not about the EU army, and it is not about duplication with NATO.
This new recommendation focuses on addressing the consequences of early leaving by providing a second chance to adults who were failed in previous decades and left school without acquiring a sound level of basic skills or qualifications.
It will not be a perfect agreement – absolutely not – but this is the first time we are trying to do something like this, and we are doing our utmost to ensure that it is environmentally credible and future-oriented.
still high rates of youth unemployment and of those not in employment, education or training;
Mr President, I would like to thank the Commissioner for the statements.
Secondly, reforms and the consolidation of public finances are the best way to avoid austerity.
Would Ms Berès agree with me that France currently faces the worst of all economic worlds, in that it is locked in a currency that is entirely unsuited to its needs and that reduces room for fiscal manoeuvre, and also has a governing party which has imposed an anti-business culture which is seeing stagnation and growing unemployment?
In these countries, whatever the time of year, it is always the winter semester.
But secondly, we also need to see our banks and all intermediaries take responsibility for their own operations and businesses.
Dariusz Rosati (PPE).
Eva Paunova (PPE), in writing.
Derek Vaughan (S&D), in writing.
‒ I voted against this as it calls for the EU Commission to legislate new rules.
I voted in favour of this report as it provides a balanced assessment of the interplay of monetary polices and structural reforms and the risks of low interest rate policies.
‒ I voted in favour.
This report calls for greater interlocking and cooperation between the EU Member States;
this should be launched at least by the next MFF – sufficient funding for this programme is key to ensuring the sufficient future defence capacities of the European Union.
I therefore support the recommendations of this report, given its identification of the extraordinary opportunity the geography of our Member States presents.
Whilst waterborne passenger transport and waterborne freight transport face different challenges and have different needs in terms of infrastructure, environmental challenges, operational issues, security and port-city relations the integration of waterborne passenger hubs into European policy on interconnecting infrastructure, as already implemented through EU will provide further European added value.
Around 90% of Europeans living in cities are exposed to levels of air pollution deemed damaging to human health, and many vulnerable socio-demographic groups, such as the elderly, are particularly affected.
Methane was completely removed from the text, and the 2025 target was made non-binding.
We are opposed to the development of a centralised EU defence and foreign policy capability.
Counter-propaganda which is written by anonymous sources, as in the case of EastStratCom.
The report outlines the necessary qualifications that should apply for an interpreter and applies the same standards for sign language interpreters
I will do it now.
I have promised to you several times that we want to devote the year 2017 to strengthening combating violence against women, so I am particularly glad to announce to you that, on 25 November, as part of our year of focused actions to combat violence against women, I will launch the promised EU—wide campaign.
It is a cross-cutting effort and work within the Commission, involving many of my colleague Commissioners and their services.
It should also be seen in combination with the first MFA programme, which brings the EU’s total amounts for balance of payments support alone to EUR 380 million.
Jyrki Katainen, Vice-President of the Commission.
This is a major advance to ensure that we can get more take-up of cross-border pension schemes.
The IORP2 directive brings improvements to governance provisions on cross-border activities and transfers, provisions on transparency to members, an increased freedom of investment of IORPs over the long term contributing to these EMU objectives.
The Commission and the Member States are also developing guidelines on trade ivory to make sure that trade within the EU, or exports from the EU, do not contribute to international ivory trafficking.
I welcome the Commission’s Action Plan against Wildlife Trafficking, as the EU needs a coordinated response to wildlife trafficking, which is a serious and growing problem in Europe and globally.
Some have social concerns, some have concerns about security, safety or trade, some want to see a liberal approach etc.
It will establish a new architecture for European energy markets.
Madam President, I have a question for Commissioner Cañete.
Because the Commission adopted two communications, one on the next steps for a sustainable European future and one on the consensus for development, and it seems to me that the link to be made with Paris is a golden opportunity to have real policy coherence for development.
I welcome its efforts in implementing the Special Report I sent to Parliament concerning a Frontex complaints mechanism, but also the recommendations I made in relation to joint return flights.
We do, and we can, take complaints from them, but generally those complaints would be against the European Parliament administration in relation to how they have handled their complaints.
The conflicts of interest, particularly in relation to the recent high-profile case, has also forced us all to join the dots between things that happen like that and the wider concerns of citizens and how, ultimately, they are expressed at the ballot box.
What does China fear about the booksellers?
And pension schemes will now have to make sure they are investing for the long term, considering the social and environmental implications of their investments, which is a major step forward.
‒ I voted in favour of this resolution on activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision because it represented a more straightforward codification of the existing legislative acts and did not add any changes in substance.
‒ I voted in favour of this legislation which aims to improve the protection of members of occupational retirement schemes and will encourage the development of stable cross-border schemes.
Pavel Telička (ALDE), in writing.
2 386 judges and prosecutors and 40 000 other people have been detained, of whom more than 31 000 remain under arrest;
I find the disproportionate repressive measures taken in Turkey since the failed coup attempt in July 2016 very worrisome.
I support the European Ombudsman’s determination to make the workings of the European Central Bank more transparent and compliant with a high standard of governance.
Derek Vaughan (S&D), in writing.
Petras Auštrevičius (ALDE), in writing.
Those new opportunities aim at delivering better-fit services and I believe that passengers’ interests should always be the aim of the transport policies.
Jarosław Wałęsa (PPE), in writing.
I think we will have a good deal to fight what are the concerns of our citizens, that is, youth unemployment.
It is quite simply not there.
We put it forward, we lobbied for it and we argued for it, but neither net payers nor net recipients liked it.
But not only that.
Madam President, I am here on behalf of our shadow, Cornelia Ernst, who could not be here tonight but who has, as you know, been working on this with colleagues for several years.
These exchanges are taking place on the basis of legal instruments, in particular bilateral agreements that very often lack basic privacy safeguards or contain only limited protections.
There is indeed no exception from this for politicians abusing the freedom of expression by inciting to violence or hatred.
It is the prerogative of the President.
Catherine Bearder, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
I voted in favour because I believe that we have to show our deepest solidarity and empathy with all the individuals affected by the earthquakes and their families.
The OSD defines the elements of such a comprehensive EU-wide framework for preventing major accidents and limiting their consequences.
Dita Charanzová (ALDE), in writing.
William (The Earl of) Dartmouth (EFDD), in writing.
But overall I have to say that we are disappointed in this proposal and consider that an opportunity to reduce the negative environmental impact of Europe’s ports has been missed.
The Port Services Regulation creates a stable framework in which ports will be able to: first, develop;
second, attract private investors;
They therefore know that all the new rules and regulations they can get through over the next couple of years will be imposed on the British people, in some cases for decades.
So do I, and so do most people in Europe.
The recommendations in your report are very timely since the Commission is working now on the post-2016 policy framework and therefore will assess them carefully.
The recent Forum of the Child identified concrete actions such as the situation in the reception facilities, effective guardianship, which we will pursue further and I will discuss this with Ministers at the informal Justice Ministers meeting at the end of January in Malta.
Madam President, in December 2015 the Commission concluded that Georgia and Ukraine have met all criteria for visa liberalisation.
Secondly, also because it is indeed a recommendation.
Third, we need stronger cooperation with our partners and with this in mind the European Union has signed an unprecedented joint declaration with NATO.
The international security and humanitarian mechanisms seem to be paralysed.
As the rapporteur said, it is very important to keep that deadline so that we avoid a gap between the end of the current trade preferences and the provisional application, which would have meant major trade disruption with Ecuador.
I should also say that, despite the support that farmers get from the European Union and our national governments to co-finance programmes, most farmers would like to get their income from the market.
This is a big change compared with today, and it will keep costs to consumers to a minimum and preserve the functioning of the internal market.
On the other hand, we need to make sure that renewable targets can actually deliver the results we want and do not slow down the momentum reached during COP21.
Decarbonisation of the transport sector is strongly prescient.
Daesh wanted, by enslaving us, to take our honour, but they lost their honour, and here you have given us this honour.
I am especially pleased to see a tightening of control measures which will hopefully ensure that all fishermen, from all Member States, are following the same rules.
‒ Labour MEPs voted in favour of the report, which identifies key areas of concern in relation to the situation of fundamental rights.
Against a backdrop of significant increases in hate crime, it is essential that efforts are made at EU, national and local level to counter extremism and promote respect for diversity.
Marian Harkin (ALDE), in writing.
Eva Paunova (PPE), in writing.
It reflects the changing geopolitical context in which the EU operates and addresses these challenges by emphasising the need for a reinvigorated EU coordination.
Furthermore, the report was further evidence of the contempt for neutral Member States.
UKIP voted against this non-legislative and non-binding report.
The report addresses these challenges by emphasising the need for a reinvigorated EU coordination, including decisive steps towards strengthening cooperation on defence.
Jill Evans (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Mairead McGuinness (PPE), in writing.
‒ I abstained on this recommendation as it was a simple technical update to reflect the fact that Ecuador is now party to certain parts of this agreement.
It is clear that there is still need for a transitional period regarding the compensations paid for level crossing facilities due to the fact that some Member States still use this Regulation as a basis for level crossing facilities compensations.
they were voted on last night in the Sejm.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 162(8))
We are talking about domestic violence, sexual abuse, rape, child marriage, honour killings.
Sophia in 't Veld (ALDE), blue-card question.
At the same time, for the security of EU citizens, we need an efficient suspension mechanism to avoid any abuse.
I was informed in due course by Europol and, through full transparency, I will inform Mrs in 't Veld and the whole committee of how I was informed.
We now come to the important oral question, which many colleagues have been waiting for, on the very important, compelling and urgent issue of visa reciprocity.
However, to watch a child go through this pain is intolerable.
Indeed, more than 900 paediatric development programmes have been agreed under the Regulation, and more than 100 have been completed in recent years.
Syed Kamall, on behalf of the ECR Group.
I agree with President Juncker that there has been enormous progress in tackling the migration issue with Turkey.
These are areas in which we need to act together as Europeans and also as responsible members of NATO.
The aim is that Member States will implement the relevant IT systems in a common and integrated way in their national IT environments.
But what is the issue here?
Petras Auštrevičius, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Especially, in the case of Ukraine, we really need to show Ukrainians that the EU is not letting them down.
Whether or not a thalidomide victim received any lump-sum payments and special monthly living allowances depends very much on the country they came from.
This is something we all must remember at the moment.
An ever larger group of people will become ever more dependent on the state – but that’s what you want, isn’t it?
This is the situation in the three countries referred to – Greece, Serbia and FYROM – and course I would like to say again that we are not proud of this very painful situation.
HS2 is a highly contentious project, economically unjustified and with the reasons for its existence constantly changing to facilitate its construction.
Le assicuro che la Presidenza maltese di questo semestre europeo sarà un interlocutore leale e un lavoratore assiduo per portare a casa i risultati prefissati.
All this led to tensions on different approaches – ‘to wall, or not to wall?’
Our citizens need to feel safe and protected wherever they are within Europe.
Higher taxes mean raiding our pockets to pay for their vanity projects.
So it is very important for the EU as a whole, and it is very important for our citizens, to see that the Presidency is giving such high priority to the social agenda.
And finally, we need to translate this into credible financial instruments, financial means, which means to align the Community budget to support all these goals, and to make sure that eurozone Member States also have the instruments to implement these objectives.
Let us hope that in addressing your specific issues of migration, security, the single market, social inclusion, the neighbourhood policy and the maritime sector, that the Maltese Presidency is able to draw a clear distinction between migration and asylum to ensure that the EU delivers a policy that is tough but fair, is able to strengthen security cooperation that makes our peoples feel protected and less vulnerable, to develop a single market that delivers less bureaucracy and more choice for consumers, to encourage social inclusion that learns from the very best projects in our local communities in each of our countries, and to develop a neighbourhood policy that does not mean a costly EU army, but the ability to take tough decisions on sanctions when they really matter, and also to encourage innovation and growth in the maritime sector to support increased open trade.
92% also state that it is important – or again very important – that the confidentiality of their emails and online instant messaging is guaranteed.
I am personally active in this approach in the Netherlands.
Thank you;
We are confronted with widespread impunity, high levels of armed incidents, extra—judicial killings and abductions as well as cases of torture by the police and the intelligence service.
I am happy that the High Representative is here with us to call for a ceasefire, for humanitarian aid and to restore the political process.
It shows one thing quite clearly: that protecting national energy production and sticking to rigid centralised systems is not the right answer.
It is distorting competition and it is changing the architecture of the European energy markets.
I know this is the top priority for political parties, governments and public opinion in Europe, but believe me when I tell you that the main point for us is working on finding a political solution to the crisis in Libya.
But Member States can actually do something and that is what I want to see happen.
Your vote on this proposal will be a very important step towards improving ocean governance overall.
Thanks to the use of online application forms and the online programme guide, we are now moving to the next level of digitalisation.
Use this as a strength.
One such reason is the increasingly tense security situation in the Black Sea region.
For instance the proposal for the recast of the Brussels IIA Regulation, which was adopted last year on 30 June, strengthens the rights of the child.
Julie Girling, on behalf of the ECR Group.
Two degrees means that we have only 20 years left of current global emissions.
We now have someone in America who could easily walk the road of climate scepticism.
The heads of state and government agreed in 2014 that the ETS is the European Union’s flagship climate policy and it is now time to show our citizens, our businesses, our society and the world that we are serious about making the ETS fit to meet our Paris commitments and our 2030 climate and energy targets.
This reform is key in terms of our commitment to the implementation of the Paris Agreement.
Let me recall two recent facts.
I think it is a thing that we share, that these rules are of the essence for the legitimacy of the advisory and expert groups.
The agenda has been published and is available on the European Parliament website.
The latest Foreign Affairs Council showed once again a strong consensus on continued European support and I am sure that we can count on this Parliament’s political backing for our efforts.
If Russian aggression escalates we should prolong and further increase them.
Madam President, 2016 has been a year of progress in Bosnia and Herzegovina, with practical steps forward on its European path.
However, it is important to note, first of all, that we have a tax load very much greater than that of any other competitive economy.
On discussions on the macroeconomic imbalances procedure: for the first time this year our country reports will also contain a deeper assessment of the implementation of company-specific recommendations in different Member States.
Doru-Claudian Frunzulică (S&D), blue-card question.
The Berès/Böge report on fiscal capacity gives a good indication of how such features can be created within our common currency.
Today you ask for more sovereignty from people but you have not given the slightest reflection to why the EU is in crisis.
The first is that this is too institutional, then that you are creating more – and a bigger – Europe and people do not want that, and that it is too visionary.
Listen: first, we must introduce the death penalty.
I hope you will support that and we stand ready to examine whether such mandatory obligations for information-sharing could/should be introduced for other EU databases.
I therefore take a positive view of the major positive outcomes for the healthcare sector throughout the EU.
The bottom line: go and see the robots that exist today and those in development.
Mr President, for years European cohesion policy has, through the Structural and Investment Funds, played a significant role in fostering the social, cultural and economic vibrancy of both rural and urban areas across the EU, including the UK.
And this is not a theoretical thing.
that – Labour MEPs in particular, and they know who they are – that is the big lie.
Tunne Kelam (PPE).
Making the Single European Sky a reality, regardless of national demarcations, would benefit all of us.
On 15 January 2017, the Bahraini authorities carried out the execution of three people who were convicted of a bomb attack against the police which killed three policemen, including an Emirati officer.
Other areas for further progress include the establishment of a mechanism for free and informed prior consultations in line with ILO Convention 169, and the implementation of precautionary measures granted by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights to activists.
We can only achieve this if we stay united as Europeans.
Because we have no capabilities to do so at European level.
In this context, the Council looks forward to the forthcoming initiative from the Commission on improving the work-life balance.
Maybe we could discuss further whether there is a need for bigger sanctions, whether there is a need to encourage victims of discrimination to complain more often, and so on.
They contribute to our society and our economy.
We are already working on these and let me give you some examples.
They come from those intersections.
You are wasting your time and you are also wasting our money.
Mr President, the scientific evidence surrounding the toxicity of mercury is well known and has been of concern for many years.
Limitations on certain exports and industrial processes are also big achievements.
It is very important that we are brave enough to say the words we believe in, and we do a lot of concrete things to fulfil the promises we make.
Against this background and in line with the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality, the Commission takes the view that the Member States involved are better placed to address the relevant issues concerning rabbit production.
Deirdre Clune (PPE).
As we have just heard from Mrs Corazza Bildt, no family planning means other problems, such as HIV and other issues.
Mr Škripek, as you know, I was not in the Chair during that exchange.
If she kills her body, she dies.
Therefore we need improvements in the controls along the food chain, and I was pleased to see the Commission coming forward with proposals in this regard.
They really do not understand taxation.
Monsieur le Président, Monsieur le Président du Conseil, Mesdames et Messieurs les députés européens, il y a une saison, c’est celle-ci, pour regarder les réussites et les insuffisances de ce que nous faisons comme Union, avec l’objectif de définir la voie à suivre dans l’année qui suit.
With these pillars as our base, we have built a new, improved and crucially fairer corporate tax framework for the entire EU, and we have done so in a remarkably short space of time.
Elle pousse nos États membres vers un niveau sans précédent d’ouverture et de coopération sur les sujets fiscaux.
We need to achieve economies of scale.
Mr President, I have a point of order.
We will see more stringent rules on deactivation and use of the most dangerous semi-automatic firearms, and better monitoring systems for checking the medical conditions of users.
And these measures which we have passed here today, and which I was pleased to vote in favour of, will hopefully mean that Member States will do everything they can to move to a circular economy.
Now in this Parliament we have worked hard to speed up efforts on common EU rules on better information about passengers travelling from and to the EU with our PNR system.
Mr President, in a week’s time we will be commemorating the first anniversary of the Brussels attacks – on 22 March – which are still so vivid in our memories.
While stepping up our counter—terrorism tools, we should preserve our values and fundamental rights.
It will provide more stringent rules in terms of deactivation of firearms.
A number of you have also underlined the importance of operational police cooperation.
Alone, it cannot solve the causes of those conflicts, but it will help to fight against exploitation of minerals for the financing of armed groups.
It is a testament to how ineffective those European political parties are that nobody even notices.
European referendums, yes, but not national.
the aim of it is a very legitimate and crucial one for the time.
NATO harnesses the overwhelming military power of the United States to that of the European nations for their mutual defence, and we have the vital Article 5 guarantee.
It is important to note as well that any success will have an impact on transatlantic burden-sharing.
I would like to thank and congratulate Michael Gahler and Esteban González Pons for an excellent report.
In this context, I have tabled an amendment and I ask colleagues to support it.
In this respect, one cannot over emphasise the importance of taking ownership of these reforms, which first and foremost are in the interest of, and to, the Montenegrin people.
This requires ensuring a fair, inclusive, transparent and safe access, and use of the internet for all.
There is one final thing I would like to say about the Netherlands, after what happened over the weekend.
We are citizens, not subjects.
Building a stronger Europe has been, and will be, an inclusive process.
Rescue missions are conducted with great valour, bravery and spirit on the part of those people involved in them, whether they are the European Border and Coast Guard, Frontex, Member States or non-governmental organisations.
I have grave concerns that may well be happening.
Zimbabwe is at a critical juncture, as a number of you have said.
The fate of innocent victims is not forgotten.
Mr President, drug-related crimes are an evil scourge on society, preying on the weak and causing untold misery and suffering.
While condemning these actions, the EU should also seek to assist the government to uphold its human rights obligations.
I encourage the Commission to come forward with solid legislative proposal, including a solution for sustainable funding.
That is why the Anti-Trafficking Directive has a strong gender-specific dimension, and that is why we have also commissioned a study on the gender dimensions of trafficking in human beings.
The Commission believes that we need to address the issue of deforestation by looking at a much broader range of issues and drivers.
I would like to thank you all for sharing your views on this important matter.
A bio-based economy must be developed in the right way, because using the wrong sources of bio-energy can do far more harm than good.
However, many of the farmers and processors that I represent are questioning the ability of the Commission to guarantee that product entering the EU is of a comparably high standard.
As soon as news came to light about the fraudulent practices in the Brazilian meat sector, the Commission asked the Brazilian authorities to ensure that there were no exports to the EU from any establishments in Brazil that could bear a risk of non-compliance with European Union requirements.
we are preparing urgent audits of Brazil.
I do not know about some figures which were mentioned here, they are not in line with our figures which we have in our rapid alert system.
Instead, last week, the Commission released a joint statement with the Mercosur trading bloc committing us to concluding a deal as soon as possible.
This, honourable ladies and gentlemen, Members of this Parliament, is Greece, as created by the EU and the euro.
What I think is most important is that we implement, and that the Member States who have signed up to this, and the Commission who are with us on this journey, realise that this Parliament will keep a watching brief and will make sure that resources are put in place so that we do put action on the words.
If we ensured that we did our job, this would not have been necessary.
I reject any conditionality of EU aid on the collaboration of third countries on migration issues.
Reports that went out were anonymous on purpose.
I also believe that you can actually allow the market to work in a sensible way.
In the short time we have here, we answer as best we can.
It will be key in restoring public confidence and I would like to make some comments.
It is directly responsible for huge swathes of destruction to natural habitats, flora and fauna.
We simply cannot have another Volkswagen scandal and the impacts on climate and public health are too great not to take decisive action.
Mairead McGuinness (PPE).
The next step is implementation, and here the Commission and Member States and we ourselves must keep a watch so that what is in the legislation is put into effect.
If EU countries prefer to adopt Trump’s approach we should say this openly and not pretend to be angels that do not understand why these poor people do not come to us.
The overly-cautious Council position just did not reflect reality.
I spoke to NGOs on both the European and American sides.
Another key element is the Ombudsperson mechanism, which ensures that Europeans have a possibility to obtain an individual review if they believe that intelligence authorities have broken the law when accessing their personal data.
For the sustainability of the privacy shield it is essential that these elements are part of it.
Why are we doing this?
The Council, notably the Working Party on Human Rights, has not yet the opportunity to carry out its assessment.
(Applause from the EFDD Group)
However, any solution must also respect that Northern Ireland will be an integral part of an independent United Kingdom.
Everything from the start.
Tim Aker (EFDD), blue-card answer.
Madam President, Putin influenced the American election.
That is what the new provisions of this Child Marriage Restraint Bill in Bangladesh allow for.
I now call for the EU Member States to implement today’s vote as soon as possible.
I would therefore deeply regret any action by the Hungarian authorities aimed at shrinking the space of civil society organisations, or any attempt to control or stigmatise their work.
Commissioner Avramopoulos has launched discussions on these issues with the Hungarian authorities.
We have a shared responsibility to live up to our international obligations to protect people fleeing war and persecution and treat them fairly and with dignity.
The last issue on the questionnaire is that Brussels is attacking our country because of tax cuts.
This is something that was done by the Hungarian people themselves: striving for freedom, protecting their freedom, however, it is now a common European task and we will have to fight for that.
Where the work-life balance initiative is concerned, there are of course very many positive headlines.
This is the way to build resilience, and this is the way to make our economies competitive and our welfare systems sustainable in the longer term.
You would have one country, Britain, trying to leave, and you’d have another country, Turkey, that you would want to expel.
The cooperation between Turkey and the Council of Europe is of paramount importance and has produced some results already.
the Commission will conclude the cooperation and support plans with Member States and then prepare the annual work programme, and only afterwards will it finalise all the contracting procedures.
And let me remind you that the EIB lent almost EUR 80 billion last year in order that the EU can broaden and deepen its control.
Transparency in the implementation of EU policy leads to strengthening the EIB’s overall corporate accountability and credibility.
This will be achieved by expert and peer support to Member States for their levelling.
Julie Girling (ECR).
I think it is a terrifically good idea and there are lots of ideas in here.
Bombardments continue, innocent civilians are dying, people are being attacked by chemical weapons, children suffer, people lose their homes.
Only the wilfully blind would think that President Assad is part of the peace solution, when he has been the main source of violence and instability.
The EU was consistently sidelined in the UN-sponsored negotiations.
Why is it so important, if it is not getting headlines?
President.
European politicians, let’s wake up, really wake up.
In Europe the election laws are designed to ensure fair competition of people’s minds, and not to create privileges for some and eliminate others.
An estimated one-fifth of all IT expenditure globally takes place within the financial sector.
Your answer to this will define the future of your project.
Globalisation has created enormous wealth.
This is not harnessing globalisation.
This frame of rules must always be based on our fundamental principles and high standards, and take off the sharp edges that globalisation can indeed exacerbate.
Enhanced non-standard monetary policy measures are to continue until that time.
Commissioner Avramopoulos and his services are in close contact with the Croatian and the Slovenian authorities to find the operational solutions to the situation at this specific border section.
Phil Hogan, Member of the Commission.
As you said, it has been five years now since the EU-Korea free trade agreement entered into force, so it is very appropriate to evaluate it.
There is a lot of diversity and a number of actors all across the world, so doing this will be extremely complicated.
This Tripartite Coordination Council is a platform for dialogue between social partners.
This free trade agreement would send a powerful signal to the rest of the world that two of the largest economies are resisting protectionism, and that openness to trade and investment remains one of the best tools to harness and shape globalisation and create more economic growth and jobs.
President.
I strongly argue that we do not need special courts to protect investors.
Some projects are already being delayed because of the fears and uncertainties surrounding Brexit.
(Applause)
Consumers should benefit inasmuch as Europeans are pioneers in adopting new technologies and they have high expectations from a new, cleaner, connected economy, and especially from Smart Mobility.
Thirdly, workers: we are improving drivers’ working conditions and we want to make sure that our transport and automotive industries continue to create quality jobs and growth in Europe.
I also want to thank honourable Members for all their previous contributions, including the resolution on the revision of the Consensus adopted by this House on 14 February this year, which is strongly reflected in the joint statement.
Our new Consensus closely reflects the 2030 Agenda structured around the five ‘P’s: people, planet, prosperity, peace and partnership.
Local government and civil society are often the basis on which resilience can take root and grow at community level.
Firstly, it implies written questions, the so-called scorecards, where we ask the GSP countries to detail how they are addressing shortcomings in the implementation of the relevant 27 international conventions.
Restrictions on localisation prevent the scaling-up up of SMEs providing cloud computing or data hosting services.
That will surely bring a welcome break for many, including myself.
The Commission is ready to co-finance other appropriate actions if relevant projects are proposed by interested Member States and stakeholders under the current financial framework.
Madam President, I was in favour because 5G will be the next key building block of our future society.
In recent years I’ve observed its true potential being realised by Irish and European citizens alike.
So I want to thank everybody – the rapporteur, the shadow rapporteur – who were able to do something really very unique and which represents also for me, personally, one of the really unique moments of these two years and a half: to achieve with you, all together, PRIMA.
I think we have been, somehow, an example.
We have to improve, but it shows each time I meet with my advisory panels and I see that we have surpassed the 50% mark for women on those panels.
Discrimination on the grounds of gender is still prevalent at work, so strong monitoring and enforcement of existing rights is more necessary than ever.
Europe will then gain a new, modern republic.
Then I am afraid I have to apply what I said at the very beginning, which is that President Tajani was asked whether it would be possible to speak in any other language than the official languages of the European Union, and that is not possible.
I would like to emphasise the following: first, at my request, the companies applying for renewal of the approval of glyphosate made available to Members of Parliament and stakeholders the key studies underlying the assessment of glyphosate in a reading room;
We have, of course, to take public concerns into consideration.
We must recall the commitments made by the Democratic Republic of Congo under the Cotonou Agreement to respect democracy, the rule of law and human rights.
I express deep concern over the mass graves discovered in the Grand Kasai region and the resurgence of violence in the northern and eastern parts of the DRC.
this is a manmade disaster, and it is very brutal on civilians.
Instead, everything must be done to find a negotiated solution, not only in the interest of the Yemeni people, but also to avoid a spillover into an already fragile and explosive region and to avoid a breeding ground for more violent extremism.
And we shall never forget the cost of non-enlargement: we saw that in history, and we will avoid it in the future.
It can be still be used, but there is this independent international telephone code.
imports have to be labelled in the same way as products manufactured in the European Union.
It is unnecessary and it should stop and I am tabling a split vote on it.
There are no excuses: our economy will die if our ecosystems collapse.
So we welcome the Commission’s proposal with a plan which, finally, recognises that the problems of the eurozone are not only financial stability, but also growth, job creation and upward economic and social convergence.
Of course, Member States do need to engage in an effort of their own in reforms and investments in the framework of the European Semester.
That is what I saw in recent elections.
I want to agree with Commissioner Moscovici when he said very clearly that EFSI must be a success for every Member State in every part of our European Union, and we must do much more to promote the opportunities that EFSI can advance in economies right the way across the European Union.
As a member of the Socialists and Democrats Group in the European Parliament, I strongly support creating a European Child Guarantee that protects every child in the EU.
Kaja Kallas (ALDE).
Michał Boni (PPE).
As part of the digital single market strategy, the Commission undertook to carry out an in-depth assessment of the role of online platforms.
Well, if we have European—level elections for the European Parliament – as we do – then logic dictates the answer: yes.
Let us talk about jobs, let us talk about the economy, and about people’s daily lives.
But I do not really think that that particular industry really needs that extra bit of help, but what we are actually doing here – or what we would be doing here – is actually to make a 29th or 28th sort of defence policy.
Who could have predicted only a few years ago that renewable energy would increasingly be the cheapest option?
For example, climate action was a key topic of the EU-China Summit on 2 June.
In fact, stop what you are doing now.
In this way, for the first time really, as industry is very well placed in our new Skills Agenda, skills have come to the centre of the industrial policy agenda.
All the groups negotiated a request.
The triggering mechanism and unfortunate violent finish was somewhere in Azerbaijan.
The other message would be that if we postpone it today and Mr Hahn goes, what is the message that we are sending?
That is why we all have reason to believe that Georgia is conducting a totally transparent and independent investigation into what happened.
Negotiations with Azerbaijan on the comprehensive Partnership Agreement has been started.
The verbal attacks and acts against other religions, such as convicting and jailing the Christian Governor of Jakarta for blasphemy, must stop.
We in the European Parliament like to criticise other countries, but we are not critical of ourselves.
I must remind the House about the rather recent understanding of the role of Moldovan banks, and even of Moldovan judges, in some of the biggest money-laundering scandals in our environment.
It also points out the need to guarantee effective protection for workers, regardless of the type and duration of employment relationship, and to address non-standard, atypical and precarious forms of employment, while paying special attention to vulnerable groups.
The Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) Directive definition is silent on precisely this first factor, on the quality of assets, relying merely on the institutional characteristics of covered bonds.
And what of the million or so who will not meet the five-year residency rule, many of whom are Eastern European and Roma, told to go home by emboldened racists?
This is why talking about the future of EU finances in a period when old socio-economic challenges are compounded by new ones, such as the impact of Brexit on revenues or heightened migration and security concerns, among others, is of such a great importance.
Tibor Szanyi, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
Last sentence.
To this end, I have tabled multiple amendments to stress the importance of women’s participation in peace and security processes, all in line with the numerous UN resolutions on this issue.
Nistqarr li kull esperjenza kienet waħda li mhux se ninsa iżda wkoll id-djalogu li minnha tgħallimna ħafna.
That is political fraud and reality evasion.
The proposed autonomous trade measures will increase trade flows and give its economy the necessary support it deeply needs.
The people of Ukraine want to see their future in Europe and we have to help them arrive there.
This goal is something we as humans must all own and make a reality.
Please, we women do not need special treatment.
The nation state is the way forward, as we are showing in Brexit and the Visegrad countries.
The EU needs to sit at the table and commit to making the EU as global-facing and pro-free trade as possible.
That is why the European social pillar, to be proclaimed during your presidency, should be geared to the future and should empower young people in Europe.
Ilhan Kyuchyuk (ALDE).
The main advantage of the plan is the newly designed instrument, the European Fund for Sustainable Development Fund, and its Guarantee which, with the contributions of the European Investment Bank, will be employed to attract public and private investment and manage risks.
This audit will examine all measures put in place by the Brazilian authorities to rectify the deficiencies identified in May.
Should there be any important developments on this file my services and I stand ready to discuss with you and to update you on the state of play at a plenary, or at committee level, or in writing.
We have to keep in mind that the United States’ findings, which led to their ban, relate to a very small sample size.
This crisis must be solved and we must ensure that it does not happen again.
I think it is also very important to say what we are not doing.
Max Andersson, rapporteur.
Yet people who are blind, visually impaired or otherwise print disabled continue to face many barriers in accessing books and other print material which is protected by copyright and related rights.
and Afwerki and his patrons should be prosecuted for crimes against humanity.
The EU will support the full implementation of the recommendations made to Eritrea under the UN-led Universal Periodic Review.
(Applause)
Terry Reintke, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
They brought me home and I felt that I was taken seriously at this time.
We will understand better and we will be better able to measure the trend, because you see that in European society violence is on the rise in general, and we see this trend online.
We have given them enough time, and now we are going to do it again until the end of 2020?
With the anticipated growth in air traffic, emissions in 2050 are expected to be seven to ten times higher than in 1990.
The Commission is ready to look at different options to increase the efficiency of space research spending, including by exploring the options of possible public-private partnerships.
As regards European Union trade and investment policy, recent European Union trade agreements contain rules of origin that support the integration of the industry in the global value chains.
Among others, it funds eTwinning, promoting cooperation between schools through distance learning.
The referendum was 15 months ago but I have yet to read anything really concrete on the border issue.
I am also conscious that the European External Action Service faces significant rising costs – in part due to increased staffing levels, but also partly due to the cost of the strategic communications programme.
Of note, however, is that some of the largest arms exporters and importers, such as Russia, China, India and Pakistan, have not signed or ratified it.
Matti Maasikas, President-in-Office of the Council, on behalf of the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
The latest nuclear threat – I guess we all agree – was another major provocation, and this is a huge threat not only to regional security, but to our international security.
We should therefore welcome that the United Nations Security Council on Monday unanimously adopted a US-drafted resolution to impose new sanctions on the regime in Pyongyang.
High Representative, I call upon you to listen to the citizens.
Sanctions must come with optimistic diplomacy.
Our regions may be geographically distant, but there is so much that we share.
This framework has victims at its centre, it is based on the recognition of everyone’s human rights, and it understands the specific needs of women and children.
Bill Etheridge (EFDD), blue-card question.
We have already spoken today about regional cooperation, solidarity among Member States, protected customers, and transparency of contracts.
There should be zero tolerance for such fraud.
Diane James (NI).
Affected farms have been blocked and will remain so until Member States are certain that their production is safe.
They simply cannot function if they are not used correctly.
First, I believe that the reaction of an individual government is not right.
On top of that, we already proposed a year and a half ago the new type-approval framework that should help in the future and should prevent such a situation.
It is very easy to repeat that this is a lack of confidence in the industry, that this was a huge problem and that it was cheating, but we need to do something, as I have said before.
This is harmful for your citizens, for your environment and for your future.
The infringement procedures recently opened by the Commission against eight Member States for breach of EU-type approval legislation are a testimony of the importance of monitoring whether EU law in this area is being properly enforced.
This legislation does not limit the responsibility of Member States to define requirements on construction products in the field of fire safety – quite the contrary.
We can think about steps to be taken in the future.
I sincerely hope that this House will continue to put this high on the agenda.
This is why it is protected by EU law.
Yet as the eye of the storm moved through the Caribbean and Florida, politicians, the media and others closed their eyes in order to protect their interests.
We are for regionalisation, but we need a backstop.
In Brussels, in London and in Belfast, we should be working to forge a new and positive relationship with the European Union.
It is, however, a requirement if you want to have access to the internal market of the European Union, but I think that this is a debate that is slightly outside this agenda.
You have done your part here in Parliament.
I hope we will not miss them.
We need legal clarity and unity about this as soon as possible.
We should be ambitious about what we can do together in the years ahead.
Madam President, thank you for allowing me to address this House on the protection of consumers within the digital single market.
This is the approach we have adopted with our Partnership Priorities, and this is the proof that only through engagement can we can address our common interests for the people of Egypt, for Europe and for our entire region.
Civilians are still tried by military courts and we have now seen 22 cases of death sentences.
That is also unacceptable.
As every year, in line with our commitment to the international climate process, the European Parliament will attend the Bonn conference and follow the discussion and decisions made there, and through its privileged contacts with parliamentarians from around the world will support the EU position.
Mr President, I have listened carefully to the debate today and I am encouraged by the engagement shown by the Members of this House.
The airlines are legally obliged to make passengers aware of their rights and should act accordingly.
What I am more concerned about is that, although we have had this most protective legislative framework for 10 years, there are still entities and people that do not know what passengers’ rights are today, what can be reimbursed and what kind of obligations the airline has.
There is no benefit for health and the environment in keeping the interim criteria that are currently applicable.
The criteria are also designed to identify known and presumed endocrine disrupters on the basis of all available scientific information, including human and animal evidence, as well as in-vitro and in-silico data.
(Applause from certain quarters)
Because then you can get on with your ambitions for full economic, financial, political and military integration.
So where is the vision for Brexit?
(Applause from the right)
The strength of a leader is demonstrated not by stubbornness but by insight.
It is time to put your egos away, time to make this work, and time to stop insulting people that you ultimately want to work with you.
The reason is that while the EU 27 has quite a clear negotiating position, it seems to me that the UK side of the negotiation table is trying to square a circle.
That terrible night showed all too clearly the consequences of not enforcing safety rules at sea.
We have got to make sure we can get on with the task of spending those monies.
This year we can once again be mostly satisfied with the Court’s report itself and the conclusions it incorporates.
Let us prevent double checks by managing authority, certifying authority and audit authority by same beneficiary.
Mr Timmermans, you are doing a great job when trying to defend fundamental rights in the European Union.
On the question of funding, of course we see a lack of money here and when I discuss it with those responsible in the Member States – the experts – I sometimes hear varying information or suggestions.
At the same time, I call on the Commission to look thoroughly at and to address the situation in Ukraine, where recently the Ukrainian authorities took measures against the rights of national minorities in Ukraine.
Monica Macovei (ECR), in writing.
Sadly, the situation is not getting any better.
Could I ask the Parliament to put my remarks on record.
I welcome the harmonisation steps between inorganic and organic fertilisers, and also the steps in the field of cadmium levels.
The choice we must make is that of allowing access to a relatively benign plant, which has had many, many studies carried out on it, or leave our young people to the mercy of a legal, untested cocktail of chemicals.
Everyone says they are wonderful;
You will end up unemployed;
Apprenticeship and traineeship reforms have taken place in many countries.
So, Unilever, please come up with plans and reassurances that really cut the mustard.
Jeppe Kofod (S&D).
It was launched by the Commission, and I would like to thank them for that.
It is essential because with Article 352 of the Treaty we will have full EP involvement via the consent procedure;
As for Parliament, it is currently unable to scrutinise how the Council budget is spent.
This needs to be stopped;
This is also an important step we need to take.
We will, it is our duty, continue to stand up for our shared values.
we have to be courageous and go against those who actually do not wish us to investigate.
Is there a way out of mistrust from both sides?
My intention is to build on what connects, not on what divides.
Somebody was saying that we have to do less, but I beg to differ.
Mr President, I would like to thank the Commissioner and not only the shadow rapporteurs, but all of those who have participated in this debate.
Each Member State should have the target of a potential growth of at least three percent and make the reforms that can provide the jobs, the growth and the investment that can give Europe a lead.
The issuers have to disclose information and the investors have to do due diligence.
As I learnt, through discussions in this House and outside this House, it was not just about the rate, it was about the method.
So we need answers, I, like others, am frustrated at the time it is taking to come to a conclusion on this matter.
The results of those two evaluations are expected next year.
In order to do this, I will need your support.
It will also promote mobility between the Schengen area and third countries in a secure environment, while contributing to the fight against terrorism and serious crime, and safeguarding fundamental rights.
Jussi Halla-aho, on behalf of the ECR Group.
I have one final comment: to be clear, women and men decide for themselves.
and, most importantly, they do not feel safe in coming forward to the structures that are in place.
So let’s support each other.
At least 72 people have died in farm attacks in South Africa since the start of this year.
And even worse, every year about 25 500 people die on EU roads.
We are afforded fundamental freedoms of thought, belief, opinion and expression and, without restriction or recrimination, we are able to attend a religious place of worship.
So I implore you, Commissioner, with all the diplomatic and economic instruments the European Union has, please let us make these countries, like Pakistan, Syria, Iraq and some others, hear this.
Corina Crețu, Member of the Commission.
To this House I would say: you have become the last bastion of hope for the people we represent, and this is what the EU means to us – hope, and a guarantee that the rule of law will always be protected, because joining the EU was our way of ensuring that no politician with delusions of grandeur would ever trample on our rights again without our European partners stepping in to help us.
We stand with Malta.
The data are clear that trade has benefited a tiny elite and massively increased global inequality.
That this why in our recommendations we propose very concrete steps to be taken by the European Union in order to guarantee that our Eastern Partnership policy is a success.
I’m absolutely delighted that my country has taken the route through NATO.
That is what we see.
Mr Dorfmann talked about the Natura 2000 sites and said that a lot has been achieved.
It is also in their interest, because when we come up with directives, with legislation to protect water, air, and soil, it is in the interest not just of nature but it is in the interest of farmers themselves.
However, not all the amendments submitted by you go in the same direction.
There are more than 200 recommendations adopted by the Committee.
These rules have long been called for by the steel industry, given that goods sold below the cost of production are putting thousands of jobs at risk across the continent.
Thirdly, do not solve your problems of today at the expense of a weak group of the population.
Let me now turn to the worrying phenomenon of populism.
Looking back on our history, we can only conclude that we are lucky to be alive today, and so we must cherish the open, prosperous, diverse and peaceful societies we have built where individual freedoms are not sacrificed on the altar of so-called collective interests based on a totalitarian ideologies.
Mr President, we are not a gathering of historians.

We are allocating and promoting fruit and vegetables in various ways, not just through our promotion programmes, but through our school schemes as well.
Yes, the situation has become very difficult.
In the end, they even drive our political and policy actions.
I often hear they do not do enough.
The truck bomb attack was first of all probably a reaction to this.
The challenges that are faced by human rights defenders and advocates of reform in Madagascar are complex and substantial.
This would mean that, for the first time since the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty, three consecutive annual budgetary procedures will then have been completed successfully in conciliation without having recourse to a new draft budget to be submitted by the Commission and, consequently, a second round of negotiations.
I am convinced that the agreement reached is a good and balanced result, allowing the Union to act and to react to the various needs.
The negotiations on the Clean Energy for All Europeans package are advancing and it is now up to the co-legislators to finalise it.
Lo que sí les voy decir en este momento —ya se han referido alguna de sus señorías— es que en Bonn hubo un evento, en el marco de la CP.23, en el que aproximadamente 25 países anunciaron su intención de abandonar definitivamente el carbón, entre ellos diez de la Unión Europea.
This investment improves the daily life of Greek citizens and is helping to avoid disasters in many places.
Mr President, after months, if not years, of heated debate on how to ensure rules-based trade with the United States, it has gone awfully silent, even on the investment protection question, also known as ISDS (investor-state dispute settlement).
This means that, as Mr Pereira said earlier, depositors will have the least risk, will be the most safeguarded, with the owners in the first hand and then the subordinated debt.
Mr President, I would like to firstly congratulate Gunnar Hökmark for this negotiation, which was brought about in the informal trilogue process but also as part of the banking package.
We are working hard to make sure that no one is left behind.
The European Commission remains firmly committed to the UN Convention and to its human rights approach to disability.
At the same time, we will ensure a structured process to collect the views of stakeholders and citizens.
After recently acceding to the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities – and implementing the first European Disability Strategy – I agree that we are more than ever under pressure to offer better conditions to our citizens.
Mr Hogan, as the Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, and myself, as the Commissioner for Regional Development, are both in favour of doing something for villages in order to keep young people there: otherwise we shall be in danger of having food agglomerations and empty countryside.
Colleague, I regret to underline that this was not a question.
What they need is to have the blocks taken off their back and to do that – and there is something done here – we need to strengthen farmers’ position in the food chain and their way to make money.
More exchanges of views will follow during the Cooperation Council with Foreign Minister Abdrakhmanov, planned for 26 February in Brussels.
So what do we want to achieve with a digital trade strategy for Europe?
Alex Mayer (S&D).
We must apply maximum pressure on the Burmese military with targeted sanctions against all those involved.
We have already committed around EUR 19 million to support and accompany a democratic electoral process.
Attacks against the Supreme Court in February, as well as a blast in the diplomatic quarter of Kabul in May, illustrate this problem only too clearly.
Mr President, last year the Brussels Conference on Afghanistan showed an exceptional international commitment to the country.
We agreed at that meeting on a shared perspective to start facing the crisis, step by step, but with commitments and with strong regional and international involvement.
For example, we welcome the recent adoption by Tehran of the revised anti—narcotics law.
On Friday, in Brussels, I met with my Jordanian counterpart, and also my friend, Foreign Minister Ayman Al Safadi, and with him contacts have continued on a daily basis, actually several times a day.
We need to overcome once and for all the system of systematic detention.
I could not agree more that maximising the efficiency of our tools in promoting and protecting human rights and democracy is of the utmost importance.
The sectors most affected are mining, extractive industries, agri—business, hydroelectric dams and water rights and logging.
For my part, I strongly support the amendments, I urge colleagues to support them, too.
Finally, I would like to call on the Commission and especially on the Member States to take our recommendations seriously and to follow up on our proposals.
Both countries have fulfilled all the necessary conditions and have made significant efforts to guarantee the security of the EU’s external borders.
I think it is very important that we set standards and lead by example and, indeed, set minimum rates.
Some honourable Members mentioned that there are no data for four indicators.
But let us be clear about this progress.
Climate change has changed the game, and unfortunately this is our new reality.
I welcome this report’s focus on the sharing of best practice between Member States.
Mass migration still threatens the survival of our civilisation, our security and our culture.
No one knows them better than us.
What happens will impact on people on the ground, and I hope that going into Christmas we have given them more reassurances, not just around the Ireland issue, but on citizens’ rights and financial commitments.
This is very clear.
They do not serve in any army.
Charles Tannock, author.
So my proposal is to send it back to committee, because you can do so under Rule 175, so that we can clarify this and have a more objective examination rather than by doing it in a vote here in plenary tomorrow.
Mr President, we are at a turning point.
I believe that we can reach the targets, and even go beyond them, by opening up.
The REGI Committee appointed a standing rapporteur to follow the implementation of the new regulation – later on he will take the floor here in the debate.
The Global Climate Change Alliance Plus is embarking on further gender mainstreaming in its programmes and taking a leadership role for other EU climate funding instruments.
Over the past two years, the IAEA has confirmed in nine reports that Iran is implementing all its nuclear—related commitments under a comprehensive and strict monitoring system.
Iran was supporting Syria, saving it from the hands of Sunni extremists, and the European Union is not supporting Iran, it is supporting its enemies.
I have a picture of the very first person who was killed.
In this matter, the EU is running the risk of being perceived as acting in a high-handed and a neo-colonialist manner.
No amendments – that is a signal that the rapporteur has managed to gather almost a whole plenary behind his report.
This illustrates the convergence of security threats from the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction to cyber—proliferation and terrorism.
There are synergies with development policies, for instance, and that has been acknowledged in the recently updated EU Aid for Trade strategy.
There is a need for increased transparency;
The way forward is to consolidate these chapters and to strive for the more effective and sustainable implementation of this important pillar in our value—based trade policy.
Together we will have to set the priorities for the next Multiannual Financial Framework, balancing current policies and new areas such as migration and security.
If financial services are not involved in this deal, then there would seem to me to be very little point in actually having a deal, because you sell more to us than we buy from you.
Finally, can I say that my constituency, my home, Northern Ireland, is not a bargaining chip?
This is a different challenge and will need different measures, but we are up to it.
Mr Kamall, Article 217 Treaty makes it very clear that we can enter into an association agreement with countries of our neighbourhood, which concerns trade, security, internal security and external security.
This is very different from the policies of Iceland or New Zealand or the Falkland Islands where skippers are incentivised to take ownership of quota and where effectively the system is privatised.
This time, they will probably be among Ukrainian children.
When told in no uncertain terms that it will face unpleasant consequences and bear significant costs, the Kremlin tends to listen.
President.
Mr President, it is quite interesting that the communists and the extremist nationalists in this Chamber can’t see Russian disinformation.
They had no part in causing it, yet the effects will affect their lives profoundly.
The package the Commission adopted yesterday keeps us on this very positive track.
We need the full support of this Parliament if we are to be successful.
We have taken a very clear stance based on determination, resolve and principles.
The modern ‘slave markets’ in Libya and elsewhere, where human beings are bought and sold as cheap commodities, will not be stopped if we do not act now.
Madam President, I would like to express my thanks to all of you who participated in this debate.
Herr Präsident, Herr Kommissionspräsident, Herr Ratspräsident, Herr Premierminister!
In terms of population now there is only one country in Europe that is in the top 20 in the world, and its population is falling.
Let me put to you a couple of short questions to stimulate your reflection on this issue.
They are proud of their European culture, of their achievements, and they want to protect the European way of life.
To protect the interests of our fishermen, we have been working at each stage of the process, in close cooperation with Member States.
And as for her interest in higher education, well …
We believe that the regulation, at European and national level, of professional services should be proportionate, justified and non-discriminatory.
Migration – illicit migration routes – is at the origin of massive and gross human rights violations aimed mostly at women and defenceless children.
During the trials of peaceful campaigners Lee Ming-cheh and Tashi Wangchuk, blogger Wu Gan, and lawyer Xie Yang, we observed procedural irregularities that are inconsistent with China’s criminal procedural law and constitution.
We have addressed financial fragmentation and supported the economy, enabling inflation gradually to converge towards our objective.
The debate shows that, while we are now seeing the positive results of our policies, we should not be complacent, but should rather strive for continued improvement.
This requires a much more holistic approach, including specific car tests on health.
It is still currently the joint responsibility of Volkswagen and the Member States.
I have been told that we can only provide written answers ahead of the inquiry committee.
John Stuart Agnew, on behalf of the EFDD Group.
All in all, just 36.6% of all those people who tried to buy some goods and services from another EU Member State were able to conclude those purchases successfully.
In the frame of the definitive system based on the principle of destination, which will address tax competition, Member States would have more freedom to set their VAT rates under harmonised rules that will treat all Member States equally.
If we cannot get justice for the Kashmiris, then there will be no regional peace.
Clearly these six countries do not live up to these values yet.
That would give enlargement a more prominent presence, supplementing the usual progress reports for the countries.
These are people who have already fled their homes and suffered heavily from the longstanding Syrian war.
We must seek concrete and lasting improvements in the area of the rule of law and fundamental freedoms.
We should further support all the reform measures taken by UNRWA itself.
Can we have enough resources to implement all the objectives of our policies?
On the contrary, it can create an environment where it will be more difficult to achieve an agreement.
Congratulations, and I think that Croatia is a great member of the European Union.
When you say no new taxes, where should we get new resources from?
Maj, and which employs together more than 5 000 people – has the potential to find a strategic partner, restructure and have long-term viability of production.
The Croatian Government that I head is, as you know, a reformist government, a government which will do its utmost to make my country part of the inner circle – Schengen, the eurozone and various other forms of enhanced cooperation – and to strengthen our own internal institutions and our European credibility and responsibility.
Let us start on a positive note.
Why must so many people in this place – many of you who worked for East European totalitarian regimes – want to return to that human misery?
I realise I am the first non-white leader of any political group in this Parliament, but I’m still shocked by the lack of racial diversity not only in this House, but across all EU institutions, and if the EU is going to have any credibility on the issues of diversity and equality, it needs to get its own house in order.
Events since have done nothing to address these concerns.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 162(8))
As part of the external investment plan, together with the EIB, this Marshall Plan for Africa is of paramount importance in implementing the shift from global grants to loans, promoting investment rather than handouts.
When you talk about ordinary people, let’s talk about what this investment has delivered – like secondary schools in exotic places like Yorkshire;
In the programme of the Bulgarian Presidency we have committed to realising a presidency which is open to citizens.
This principle ensures a fair and balanced representation of citizens by Member State.
Seán Kelly (PPE).
We expect the TAP project to improve Europe’s energy security and lead to a more competitive market.
Let common sense prevail and let’s accept that the laws of nature are more powerful than the laws made by man, even by women and men in this powerful Parliament.
It is not good enough that we come here and condemn Egypt.
Egypt has human rights obligations under its EU-Egypt Association Agreement and President Sisi’s crack-down on all forms of civil society is undermining stability not increasing it.
The doubling of executions in Egypt in one year is not an exception.
So it cannot just be geography.
Mr President, the tragic routine of more than seven years of war in Syria may give us the false idea that is there is not much we can do about it other than ignore it.
This ceasefire was a poisoned gift that only served to allow Assad’s troops to advance on the ground.
We at the Commission have to add that the Treaty is leads the way here, so the Commission is, if you could put it that way, a child of Parliament and the European Council.
But Europe also need to be ambitious on programmes which have proved to be a success, such as Erasmus, the programme for science and technology or the youth initiative.
Let me however underline the fact that, after a formal decision is taken by the European Council, it will have to come back to the European Parliament so that we can have a final vote as part of the consent procedure.
Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Тhe tribunal was unique because it gave the victims an opportunity to voice the horrors they witnessed and experienced.
The other is places that simply have lower tax rates than we would like – and those places, I would argue, are providing a service by providing some constraint on the appetites of less continent governments.
We have to understand whether we have common values or not.
Mr President, congratulations to Mr Loones on his report.
We need the European Union and European banking as a real thing.
In recent years we have substantially strengthened the EU’s anti-money laundering (AML) framework, whereas the enforcement of this framework remains largely national.
Valdis Dombrovskis, Vice-President of the Commission.
We appreciate the emphasis on hawala.
James Carver (EFDD).
But, I have some questions for you, Commissioner Oettinger.
You have done the peoples of Europe a great service.
This is why I find it appalling that this Convention’s ratification is so problematic in some Member States, including my own.
The factors that authorities shall take into account in any assessment also include any relevant costs, quality of service standards and volumes, as well as tariffs of comparable parcel delivery services providers.
First, that peace is all the more urgent when the fighting gets worse;
We must be ready to face...
Honourable colleague, I don’t know whether you expect an answer to this kind of question.
Violations of freedom of religion or belief in Cuba have been on a steep rise.
The point is now to implement this agreement using this instrument, and I count on this Parliament to accompany this process as we proceed with the implementation of the agreement in all its different sectors, which also means holding the first Joint Council in May.
Indeed, there is no place for geopolitical competition when we speak about security—building, because China, Russia and Afghanistan all have a role to play in it, and I am sure today that you have enough diplomatic leverage to promote regional security cooperation.
This is what I discussed during my visit last December, if I am not mistaken, to both countries and we want to work for that example to be followed by others in the region.
Mr President, in the past few years the relations between the EU and five Central Asian partners have intensified.
Mr President, if it were up to me, the Annual Growth Survey would be called the Sustainable Growth Survey, because that is what we should be aiming for – not just any growth, but sustainable, inclusive growth: growth that benefits not just the top, but also those at the bottom.
By 2020, he may even start smiling.
Last week we adopted the Annual Work Programme for the Structural Reform Support Programme to support 24 Member States, with more than 140 projects.
Then, taking into account the importance and the proximity of the UK, the guidelines foresee robust provisions on a level playing field.
Diane James (NI).
Madam President, a key aspect of Brexit is the future relationship between the European Union and the United Kingdom after the latter has become a third state.
What we need is a super Canada deal, one that is bigger, better and deeper than the one with Canada – which is entirely achievable – and a strategic partnership agreement on foreign affairs, defence and security.
But every other Member State needs to do the same, because if we are to do the things we want to do in relation to security, Erasmus, development aid, the single market, migration or climate change, it is going to take funding.
The next attack might create far more damage than we have seen so far, and every future conflict can have a cyber dimension.
Miriam Dalli (S&D).
We need to ensure that our law enforcement authorities are provided with the necessary tools, resources and staff in order to effectively investigate and prosecute cybercrimes, and that this is done in full respect of fundamental rights and privacy expectations.
We are seeing if we can coordinate our rights in the WTO.
What do we want to do is to clear up this mess.
(Sustained applause)
This cannot occur in an environment where corruption is commonplace.
In addition to the initiatives explicitly mentioned in the regulation, we are also advancing the accompanying measures, and we are fully committed to honour the promises of a more political nature that we made during the negotiations on this regulation.
We are making available an additional EUR 800 million in the form of innovative financing instruments for the rollout of infrastructure: up to EUR 350 million through the Connecting Europe Facility (CEF) ‘Blending’ call and up to EUR 450 million through the CEF Debt or InnovFin instruments.
Wetlands, including peatlands, will be included mandatorily in the LULUCF accounting as of 2026, which was not in the Commission’s or the Council’s proposals and as such it is a win for the Parliament.
Bold regulations are essential elements of our legal framework for implementing the European Union’s 2030 commitments under the Paris Agreement.
There are a number of practical reasons which explain why this is such a complex issue to address.
It is not about taking sides in a civil war.
we represent the majority of the citizens, the population of Europe.
Several chemical attacks have been committed in this country.
We should all work together to give them a dignified future.
I would also like to say that the European Union has remained the biggest humanitarian donor in the Syrian crisis since the beginning of this crisis.
I wonder if you think that might be something that is going to be an advantage to the European Union, as well as other places – that we can bounce Europe and the United States with some sensible views?
Europe will reform, and we will become a Europe of [...]
So, once again, the Foreign Affairs Council has confirmed the unity of the European Union in our overall approach towards Russia.
It is not the Russia of its citizens;
This is not about the Russian national interests, but the interest of Mr Putin and his criminal associates.
We are the European Parliament.
First, the volume of external action funding needs to match our political ambitions.
Madam President, I would especially like to thank all the colleagues who broadly support the compromise in the resolution.
It is called checks and balances, it is the very core of democracy and, yes, that means that civil society could, for example, challenge your government or the Hungarian Government.
And one of the key elements of that, in my view, is a media sector that itself is tackling some of the problems and challenges it rightly helps one cover in wider society.
Mr President, I would like to point out one issue which was already mentioned by the rapporteur for the European Parliament’s discharge, my colleague Derek Vaughan, and that is general expenditure allowances (GEA).
Benedek Jávor (Verts/ALE), blue-card answer.
The first is a simple message to each of the joint undertakings within our remit: that citizens want to see results – the results of things that change in medicine, in the environment, in transport and airline policy, often innovations where citizens are not aware that the expenditure for those innovations has actually come from the European Union.
Indrek Tarand, rapporteur.
We have taken the first step.
Their advice on data retention, PNR, Safe Harbour: ignored!
However, we have to check where we are and whether the authorities are able to enforce the ban on this practice in all the Member States.
Věra Jourová, Member of the Commission.
New testing, too, will ensure that environmental protections are upheld.
With this proposal, once adopted, victims of unfair commercial practices, such as misleading advertising by car manufacturers not in compliance with the Union regulatory framework for type approval of vehicles or environmental legislation, will be in a position to obtain remedies collectively.
The Commission regrets that for end-of series, instead of an EU procedure, the future legislation will maintain the status quo of a national procedure which is burdensome for importers, vehicles manufacturers, national and regional authorities.
Mairead McGuinness (PPE).
But there are issues here.
Keeping in mind that competition policy is enforced, not only by the Commission but also largely by the national competition authorities, it is a good thing that the report encourages the European Competition Network Plus (ECN+) proposal so we can progress towards the strongest capacity, more resources, autonomy and transparency.
Other companies pay 23-24% in tax on average.
Your work has been quite impressive, we have to recognise, in the last years.
In this, it has been difficult to avoid one—size—fits—all approaches that failed to discriminate – and still fail to discriminate sufficiently – between north and south, island and metropole, peripheral and central.
How many vulnerable groups are on our side?
The fourth question, how does the Commission plan to address the spread of unreliable and misleading scientific information on vaccinations and to further develop information campaigns aimed at providing more in—depth knowledge about vaccines and increasing vaccination coverage?
The DUP is clear: there will be no barriers within the United Kingdom’s internal market.
Yes it is possible for Europe to be the leading continent, but is this being delivered to all regions and cities of Europe?
They continue to be driven, as many of you referred to, a policy of critical engagement from our side.
Cecilia Malmström, Member of the Commission.
These are veterans of the Israel Defence Forces.
The European Union will continue to support the process in its most effective way with all the instruments that we have.
While preparatory work should now be finalised, MEPs elected in 2019 will, following the political campaign and elections, have the democratic mandate to vote the financial package.
Children should not be detained just because they are migrants.
The recommendations of the European Commission’s Communication on the protection of children in migration of 12 April 2017 requires an urgent and strengthened implementation across EU Member States, starting with the processes of identification and registration.
Firstly, I want to thank almost all of you for your engagement and compassion and I support you along and the Commission supports you.
And perhaps in the legislative proposal that we are discussing at the moment, we could include this as a mandatory reason for the Member States to include in their strategic plan the need to look at the issue of farm safety in pillar 2.
I think maybe the Commissioner might want to take this on board because when finance is short, corners are cut, and that is also a danger, so I think we should look maybe at Pillar 2 to see how we can actually give some help to this particular area, especially in slurry-related accidents which have been very prevalent in my region.
In an effort to improve market transparency, the Commission has established a dedicated sheep and goatmeat dashboard, which is published on its website.
I can assure you that the Commission will continue supporting the sector’s efforts to become more market-orientated and secure its long-term sustainability.
Mr President, I am taking this point on behalf of my colleague Commissioner Gabriel, who unfortunately is not able to be here with you this evening.
It is an artificial creation.
An additional aspect is if we talk about subsidiarity, it is in order to take over responsibility, because when the Member States are deciding – mainly unanimously in the Council – in favour of European legislation, then they cannot complain at home that Europe was deciding on these issues.
So let’s keep regions in the heart of Europe.
Nucleaire veiligheid is niet de verantwoordelijkheid alleen van een lidstaat.
There is much that we could say in detailed response to the report, not least at this evening’s debate, which comes in the same week that the Commission, hopefully, is going to adopt and indeed publish the long-awaited legislative proposals on the future of the CAP.
There is good news definitely, the idea that farmers will not be paid for what they did decades ago – that’s a good move.
Phil Hogan, Member of the Commission.
We should also not forget the environment protection measures.
When I spoke earlier of the CAP, I referred to it as a social policy.
As part of the CAP planning process, the Commission will fully engage in accompanying Member State authorities to develop sound schemes for generational renewal, depending on the specific needs, focusing on innovative approaches, best practices and knowledge-sharing.
In order to streamline the instruments, the Commission has proposed to merge most existing financial instruments into one single investment – InvestEU.
The Commission should also examine how the collective redress could be used in cases where companies or other organisations have committed or contributed to human rights violations in third countries outside European borders.
The Nicaraguan authorities agreed to invite the Inter—American Commission on Human Rights to the country, and this was a really positive development.
So the ideal is that we set high standards here in Europe, we protect them when it is possible to do that by a tariff at our border, and therefore we enable the rest of the world to rise to our higher standards.
Our response, as laid out by the Commissioner, is WTO compatible, it is lawful and it is the right course of action.
What this visit very much underlined is the central focus of my colleague Mr Panzeri’s report, which was, as we saw for ourselves, that the international community and the EU in particular must step up its efforts to support stabilisation in Libya.
This is actually the first major reform of European trade defence instruments in 25 years.
The debate has pointed out many of the improvements to our trade defence instruments, and if you vote yes tomorrow – which I sincerely hope you will – this will now enter into force on 8 June, and we will thereby be much better equipped for future challenges.
Free movement is the right that European citizens cherish most, but it must be organised.
This is the reason why in the Council this text has gained support from a large majority of Member States across Europe, from east to west and from north to south.
We organise consultations and collect opinions before the legislative process, but we lack the citizens’ assessment during the implementation.
I am convinced that this issue of granting EU citizenship or residence permits should continue to be followed, in order to raise awareness and possibly to curb practices that could be problematic.
I completely agree with the vast majority of your remarks and, above all, thank you for your commitment to taking action as soon and as far as possible.
Overall, gender analyses are increasingly informing our new initiatives.
Whether we like it or not, our countries are interdependent.
The Commission supports Member States’ efforts on family and child policies through political guidance, including in the context of the European Semester.
The Pillar constitute the EU’s main implementation tool for translating the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals into a European context.
I would just say that Iran must start behaving in a more reasonable way, with respect for other countries and their citizens, if it wishes to be taken seriously and treated with respect by the rest of the world.
What is worse, they seek to export their medieval values worldwide.
Julie Ward (S&D).
The role of the European Union in Sudan raises serious concerns.
How we can deal with the responsibility of the European Union in contributing to finding solutions to this very complicated and controversial situation should be the matter of the debate.
However, perhaps most notable in this report – and it has been mentioned by previous speakers – are the credible arrangements to bring pension funds into the scope of the clearing obligation somewhat sooner than was envisaged, against the backdrop of a number of extensions that have already taken place.
My thanks to the rapporteur and to the shadows.
the share of the market that should be centrally cleared cannot go down, it has to go up.
Adding to this, the skills of the workforce have not kept up with the increasing sophistication of the economy and the switch in exports from labour-intensive to high-technology sectors.
Let’s not ever forget in this Parliament, our national parliaments, or indeed in regional local government as well, that every young person everywhere has the right, regardless of their background, to achieve their full potential and their aspirations.
Back then, the Commission had launched an ambitious digital education action plan.
Madam President, debate over the use of the seas and the right of the common people to fish is hardly new.
This being said, the one—size—fits—all approach cannot be applied regarding recreational fisheries.
We have to start talking about what we gain from enlargement: about the well-educated regions, the new markets, creating stability, creating lasting peace, etc. – what our citizens will gain.
However, it would be hard to blame people in the UK for having no confidence in the current UK Government to get anything right on the railways.
Any other alternative could have tragic consequences and it would make us all less secure, with no exceptions.
The situation will need a diplomatic solution.
We know the conflictuality of the region and some of you were perfectly right: the risk of slipping into a major scale conflict is real.
Furthermore, we must continue our full political and financial support for advocates of liberty, democracy and human rights throughout the world.
The 2008 invasion was a major Russian open attack against the European order and was followed by the annexation of Crimea and the war in Eastern Ukraine.
The EU-NATO joint declaration and the subsequent implementation actions mark a new and substantive phase of the strategic partnership.
I will move to the other side of the plenary in a minute.
clearly so.
Tamás Meszerics, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
Hence, the need for support for these reforms in the context where many interests can play against, especially in pre-election years.
I wish to conclude by saying that clear-cut responsibilities also remain with us, the EU: the EU’s policies and conditions must be tailored in such a way that eventually help to protect Ukraine’s independence and do not jeopardise the socio-economic life of its people.
We need to deepen Europe’s innovation capability and nurture, in particular, breakthrough and disruptive innovation.
It will discuss measures on the Banking Union and to further develop the European Stability Mechanism, and will provide additional guidance on the way forward.
We all know the pictures of overcrowded camps in Greece.
I believe that a compromise can be found, and I hope it will be found soon.
Something is missing in this instrument.
I think this is the quickest way to upgrade the European Parliament to a fully—fledged participant in defining economic policy goals and improving the democratic oversight of European governance.
Pacta sunt servanda – this applies to all of us.
My third general remark: you were all shouting when Commissioner Timmermans by accident or by mistake referred to Moscow rather than Warsaw.
Everybody needs to take up their responsibilities and play their role in solidarity.
We have made significant progress since the establishment of the European Borders and Coast Guard, but we need to continue.
So far, 13 000 have arrived this year, compared with 90 000 last year.
Our migration policy can only succeed if we work together in a spirit of solidarity and sincere cooperation and, most importantly, with trust.
The topic is of crucial importance, and it is my hope that we will be able to find a common solution quickly.
Almost 47 million citizens will be affected by that.
Member States should continue to provide multi-disciplinary support to children and families from disadvantaged backgrounds, such as Roma children.
But it is also the economic aspects of the education of languages.
Illegal poaching and the illegal ivory trade will not stop as long as legal trade in any form is open.
Here the Commission is already promoting sustainable cultural tourism through a dedicated European initiative as part of the European Year of Cultural Heritage.
In 2014, the European Institute for Gender Equality has estimated that the cost of violence against women in the European Union could amount to billions, or to be more precise, EUR 109 billion per year.
Some Member States, regretfully, are still reluctant to support EU accession to the Convention.
The Netherlands is willing to pay its share, but countries with a comparable level of prosperity must make a comparable net contribution per capita.
Mr Batten, you addressed Brexit.
Would you agree with me that, in order to address the migration problem, we need to get to the root causes, and that is the failed states – many of which we’ve interfered in – like Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya?
Prime Minister, you spoke about the rule of law and said that this should apply to every state.
In the long term, we have to work for a European army, but in the short term I think it would be much more cost efficient if we could do this together from the start.
There is a majority in this House for an ambitious European project.
The European Union should do everything in its power to call for his immediate and unconditional release and provide for humanitarian assistance to him and all the other political prisoners held in custody in Russia and the occupied territories.
The international community must do its utmost to find a sustainable approach to the tragic situation, but the Myanmar authorities should bear in mind that ethnic cleansing does not go without punishment.
Importantly, the European Parliament has identified similar issues related to technological progress.
Let me call on Council Members to work on a common functional and effective solution and not allow this crisis to get out of control.
Let me stress that the social and market aspects of road transport are two sides of the same coin.
On the contrary, they lead to fairness and enforcement that rewards those that want to play the game within the law.
The European Union and I were co-chairing in order to make this pledging conference for the DRC a reality, regardless of the participation of the Congolese government.
Not a single suspect case has been reported in the capital, Kinshasa.
So as always, not only do I believe your vote tomorrow will be a very important moment, but also let me say also that your daily work in this particular context will be extremely important and helpful.
This is evidenced by the report that we have launched which highlights how your country still allows wealthy Austrian citizens to park their money away in Liechtenstein, a country that sells passports to dubious individuals or shows little enthusiasm in fighting money laundering.
The practice of administrative bullying of international transport companies in some Member States has already shown this.
Public finances had to be put on a sound footing, competitiveness needed restoring, the economy had to be made more open and modernised and the negative spill—overs of all this to the financial sector needed to be addressed.
The recent agreement on debt relief is the last of several improvements in Greece’s lending terms since 2012.
We agreed that EUR 15 billion will be disbursed after the national parliaments in a number of Member States have had their say, and this can happen as soon as next week.
Secondly, the Commission, and I particularly want to thank Commissioner Oettinger for his generous help and support.
It takes a correction, which it knows has been applied only in certain areas of the budget, areas where the Commission and various Member States had made corrections from their own earlier audits, and it applies that percentage correction across the entire Commission budget, thus presenting a flawed and false figure in the final accounts.
The framework has been operational for almost two years and, as required, we are continuously monitoring its functioning.
I would also like to underline that the information exchange requirements under the Act, as such, are similar to those in our EU directive on mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation and to the OECD global Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information, which is currently being implemented by over 100 jurisdictions.
If you do not take the migrants then you cannot have the money, and you have found that when you have outside interference in your country from such as multi-billionaire George Soros, who seeks to interfere in your nation’s life, as he does in mine, then the EU tells you that you cannot oppose him.
Mr President, I would say to the Prime Minister: it’s fun to talk about European dreams and not participate in European solidarity, isn’t it?
In order to uphold this right, elections have to be accessible.
I think that we are all members of political parties and we should take it as our homework as well, our personal homework, to go to our political parties and to speak about the need for more diversity.
I think that diversity, as I said, is very important and we can all do something very concrete, something which can be done today, tomorrow, in our political groups so as to have more people with disabilities participating actively in the elections.
As someone who has visited Somalia on four occasions, I am probably the Member here who has visited the country more times than anybody else and I feel far more qualified to speak in this area.
This is not a point relating to Brexit.
We must make sure that a mission funded by the EU implements its mandate fully in order to protect civilians.
My particular thanks go to the rapporteur, Ms Trüpel, and her shadow rapporteurs.
I believe that this is a good report.
Language technologies are an essential component of any digital device or service we use nowadays.
These two young people have been working on the island of Lesbos for the last few months for one of the many grassroots organisations based in southern Europe who have had to step into the gap left by the failure of European leaders to provide protection for vulnerable migrants arriving through perilous routes across the Mediterranean.
This debate is not about condemning, sanctioning and accusing.
They are issues we have with the Hungarian Government on the basis of, in our view, rules that are not being respected.
Karoline Edtstadler, President-in-Office of the Council.
Through the supervisory role of the Commission, Hungarian operational programmes for EU structural and investment funds have been the subject of the highest amount of financial corrections in 2016 and 2017 of all the EU Member States.
It means no publishers’ rights, but presumption rights.
The proposals have been widely criticised as a means of introducing censorship to the internet and social media, and it has been criticised by no less a person than Sir Tim Berners-Lee, the creator of the World Wide Web.
Mr President, I really can’t decide whether the thrust of this report is anti—American or simply anti—President Trump.
Madam President, I might take a few minutes more at the beginning but I promise I’ll be brief in my concluding remarks.
The vote will take place on Wednesday, 12 September 2018.
However, the Commission chose a different approach.
The new rules are aligned with high data protection regulation standards and, for example, like in GDPR, this regulation guarantees certain rights to citizens, such as the right to know what kind of personal data an EU institution holds about you, as well as the right to ask for the correction or even deletion of those data.
no more papers and hours of waiting in long queues in public places.
This Commission promised us a triple A on social issues.
We have Brexit.
They took the necessary steps and we rescued Europe and the euro with the policy that we invented and we established.
Stable budgets and an ambitious reform programme are necessary for a good economic future.
I ask the Romanian Government to stop the risks regarding the fight against corruption in Romania because they are harming the decision—making process towards Bulgaria and Croatia in the same way.
We are convinced of that, otherwise we would not have voted for you.
You are charming man, President Juncker, and I love listening to you, but when you were talking today, I thought, ‘my God, we are living in two different worlds’.
That was your most important proposal, and my proposal, Jean-Claude, is that you be ambitious.
Do you remember that, four years ago?
Finally, Hungary seems to have been singled out for political reasons.
Why do we not speak about the US violating the sovereignty of other states.
Mr President, the recent EU-China summit has witnessed the fact that both parties are stepping up their cooperation in many fields, including security, defence, anti-terrorism and climate change.
The Commission recommends that Member States promote an annual celebration – of course on a voluntary basis – of a Day of the European Union in schools.
Ms McGuinness has very rightly raised questions.
We are doing our job.
So we ask once again that the prison sentences be reviewed and that the two journalists be released immediately and unconditionally.
I discussed the issue with all my interlocutors at the ASEAN regional forum last month in Singapore, in particular with Bangladesh and also with China and Indonesia.
We’ve also made it clear to the Myanmar authorities that our trade preferences with Myanmar are linked to clear conditions on human rights and democracy and that to preserve our current trade arrangements we need to see decisive action to improve the situation.
The approach suggested by Parliament, of adding some clarification as to the meaning of non-duplication, should address the concerns expressed by some Member States in the Council.
In terms merely of transaction fees, we have an OECD study to the effect that EUR 130 billion in hidden fees is the cost in Europe alone per year.
All the other curves are going down, but transport is rising.
- the report by Tibor Szanyi, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on rates of value added tax (COM)(2018)0020 – C8-0023/2018 – 2018/0005 (CNS)) (A8-0279/2018).
This will reduce dispersion in the VAT rates across the EU and benefit final consumers.
Furthermore, in the future, reduced rates must clearly be of benefit to citizens, because they are the final consumers paying the VAT.
We mustn’t forget that the results of fascism in Europe are tragic.
We are interconnected with each other.
In this context, Chancellor Kurz and the President of the European Council, President Tusk, recently met President Al-Sisi in Cairo and in New York to intensify cooperation.
You seem really outraged about a lot of things.
Why is there is opposition to this?
In that sense, I honestly believe the challenge we are facing – To bridge the Mediterranean – is of the same magnitude as the challenge our grandparents faced to bridge the Rhine after the Second World War, and the challenge we faced when we were younger, to bridge the Elbe after the fall of the Berlin Wall.
This update to the current EU VAT system will be particularly needed in years to come, as fraud continues to increase and to become an even more pressing issue.
In parallel, there are important initiatives underway to ensuring upwards convergence in these areas, and here I am referring in particular to the recently agreed framework for minimum income benchmarking which includes indicators for defining adequacy of benefits.
They may also impose penalties on users that do not provide access to data, but they may not deviate from the free flow principle by relocalising the data for a long period without the Commission first giving its permission.
It was clear that at the European level, we needed to prevent actions which would have put our digital future at risk, including ill—advised national measures restricting this free flow.
Mr President, money laundering is a huge economic problem but also a risk for security and financial stability in the European Union.
But that is not enough: we all remember the ‘Azerbaijani laundromat’ and the problems related to the use of crypto-assets for the financing of corruption or terrorism.
Juliane Bogner-Strauss, President—in—Office of the Council.
The Tories are still negotiating with themselves, and the ‘Dancing Queen’ is twirling on the head of a pin to the fairytale tune of Boris and Rees-Mogg – the Brothers Grimm – with their ‘supercalifragilisticexpialidocious’ Mary Poppins Brexit plan.
Do you see the current processes in Romania as a healthy democratic development of your country Prime Minister?
We preach loudly on human rights, on democracy, but we carry no stick at all, in Europe, not even a small twig I should say.
On this point I couldn’t agree more.
This is all part of the international and regional human rights instruments adopted by Belarus.
Failure to respect these commitments should result in the EU’s resolute action in Belarus.
Mr President, we would not support the proposal, but for a different reason, namely that at the last plenary we had a debate with almost exactly the same title, the role of local and regional authorities.
We have strongly supported the 7th replenishment of the Global Environment Facility with a commitment of about EUR 1.9 billion, accounting for over 50% of the total contributions.
Securing this outcome is necessary to make the Paris Agreement operational.
We would firmly state that this needs to be achieved through the mobilisation of special instruments and not at the expense of cohesion policy.
Helga Trüpel, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education.
If we agree that something is important, we have to finance it adequately as well.
Last week, the Foreign Affairs Council – all 28 Foreign Ministers of the EU Member States – agreed to demand, united, a credible and transparent investigation.
Mr President, when an authoritarian regime appears to be involved in the brutal murder of a citizen in one of its consulates, as seems to have happened with the journalist Mr Khashoggi, democratic governments have two possible reactions: putting human dignity above all or clinging to the economic interests that tie them to this regime.
In the meantime, we must continue to use the tools at our disposal against illiberal governments.
Mr President, firstly I would like to thank Carlos Coelho and Jeroen Lenaers, the rapporteurs, for the great job and balanced solution.
There is a saying in German that ‘wo ein Will ist, ist auch ein Weg’, or in English ‘where there’s a will, there’s a way’, but my favourite translation is the French one, ‘quand on veut, on peut’.
Several of these measures were initiated by the Commission itself, with support from the Chair of the Board.
We should focus on addressing this, rather than trying to point-score by taking dangerous steps to suspend the privacy shield which is proposed in the resolution we will vote on later.
Madam President, 1.2 million bathtubs’ worth.
I call upon the Commission and the Council to follow that up with concrete action and find the money for the European Union Agency for Railways.
A lot of the plastic that’s in our seas from food and drink packaging can be replaced with something more sustainable.
It’s about time we decide the endless cheap chase after cheap food and ever-higher yields must end.
Among many other things, this means faster deployment of more efficient transport systems, low— and zero—emission vehicles and increased use of alternative energy sources.
The Agency does this by targeted compliance checks of the registration dossiers that matter most through its so-called integrated regulatory strategy.
Now every proposal of course seems to founder on the question of the Irish border, but given the slight state of panic that German industry is now getting itself into – and maybe that’s not surprising because a WTO deal would lead not just to tariffs on German cars, but a weaker pound and probably a more competitive UK economy – the time has come to look for answers.
I also welcome the notion of restrictive measures, although I point to the huge challenge in the attribution of attacks.
I think that it’s important that we take all this achievement and put that in our fight for change, for making the market, the industry and globalisation serve citizens.
I think it’s also true to say that, if there was a scandal tomorrow on the medical devices industry, this Chamber would be full, so we need to understand that.
Each Member State has to come forward by the end of this year.
For every 1% improvement in energy efficiency, three million homes can be properly renovated and seven million people lifted out of energy poverty.
The Commission notes the agreement of the co-legislators relating to Article 16 by which a strategic plan should be presented for methane.
Because in the Mediterranean the Member States are not alone.
Rory Palmer (S&D).
The population of Greater Europe at the beginning of the 20th century was one—third of the world population.
We will focus our support on commercial justice, which is one of the few areas where Georgia still needs to undertake reforms.
On this, the High Representative and I immediately expressed strong concerns and called to take appropriate measures to ensure that the results of the elections reflect the will of the voters.
The European Union wishes for nothing more, but nothing less.
Undoubtedly, as stressed by rapporteur Lösing, greater parliamentary scrutiny at the national and EU level can further incentivise convergence.
The EU framework governing arms exports mainly revolves around the EU Common Position on arms exports adopted in 2008.
A number of countries in our close neighbourhood, mainly in the eastern neighbourhood, have aligned with the criteria of the EU Common Position.
We need to stick to our proposals, otherwise I’m afraid we won’t be able to support an MFF that is not up to the current challenges.
And let us not forget the necessity to achieve unanimity in the Council.
Alex Mayer (S&D).
And of course many of these Eurosceptic groups on the right, the centre and the left will come back here after the next European elections in huge numbers directly as a result of your immigration and asylum policy.
The French Finance Minister, Mr Le Maire, believes the EU must be an ‘empire’, in his words.
how to deal with the threats within it (that has been mentioned many times in this discussion);
Allow me to express our sincere appreciation for the contribution that the European Union – and in this case the European Parliament – have made not only to the development of South Africa, but also towards the achievement of progress across the African continent.
We need transparency of politically—funded advertisements and in the use of micro—targeting.
Finally, let me say that I call on the Commission to analyse the current situation and to address the legal framework needed in order to prevent interference.
They are  excellent and we are failing to support them.
It is indeed, as Mr Liberadzki already said, a unique opportunity to improve rail passengers’ protection and, at the same time, to ensure further development of the rail sector, which also has an essential role to play in the development of multi-modal, integrated mobility as a service solution and in decarbonisation of transport.
Of course, I spent some extra money.
Madam President, this recast updates the current EU legislation in line with the latest decisions made at international level under the Stockholm Convention.
I am aware that not all Members of this House are supportive of ECHA – they don’t particularly support it as an organisation – but in my former role as Parliament’s ECHA liaison person for many years, I witnessed at first hand the excellent work that they do.
Unless they are more energy efficient we will never make progress.
Firstly, ensuring compliance is absolutely necessary for the effectiveness of any regulatory requirements.
Mr President, the resolution is based on petitions by non—German parents in binational couples, which alerted Parliament to cases of alleged discriminatory, judicial and administrative procedures related to family disputes on parental responsibility and child custody.
This is a huge number, but the reunification of such families has not been taken for granted, and in some cases becomes a nightmare for parents.
Thus, the disease may go undetected, with the subsequent risk of developing serious chronic manifestations.
The Digital Security Act has gagged the media and all those who criticise the government and the harassment and intimidation of journalists and activists grows on a daily basis.
It is the EU folly, along with the absence of a proper relationship which will cause Europe to collapse.
A strong economic and monetary union is vital to the stability and prospects of the euro area, but as the Prime Minister has often said, it is equally important for the European Union as a whole.
Nevertheless, the unity of our union is put into question.
We are talking about human existence on this planet, so we cannot risk missing this contribution to curbing global warming at 1.5°.
The e-card system, which would have made it easier for professionals to work across borders, was blocked here.
We need to use this opportunity to trigger negotiations on social and environmental standards in order to make sure that trade delivers on sustainable development.
When the WTO was created the world looked very different to the one we have today, so it needs to be updated.
As you say, the WTO is now under huge pressure and experiencing a very, very severe crisis and, even though the WTO is not perfect, without the WTO, we would not be well off.
We strongly believe that the authorities should guarantee a safe climate conducive to the unhindered exercise of freedom of expression and the independence of the media as a matter of priority.
We regret the introduction of tariffs by Kosovo on products originating from Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
(Applause)
With regard to elections, Montenegro’s authority needs to address all irregularities reported by international observers.
However, I have to mention the low trust in the electoral framework and the prolonged parliamentary boycott still enacted by some opposition parties.
It is only through Euro-Atlantic integration that the Western Balkan states can be reconciled with their very difficult past and build their stronger future together.
Montenegro is advancing towards EU accession at a steady pace with the support of its citizens for the strategic goal of the country.
We cannot talk about the inclusion of academic freedom in the Copenhagen criteria for EU candidate countries without referring to the case of Hungary, a Member State that has been through the accession process.
No, Mr Barnier, I have to say I wish you were on our side really, because it’s game, set and match to you.
On the other hand it is equally clear that while the EU has safeguarded all its imperatives, the UK has retreated along all lines of engagement.
This unprecedented partnership, which should take the form of an association agreement, shall fully respect the integrity of the single market and the autonomy of our legal order.
Certainly, the British government entered into negotiations in a spirit of goodwill, aiming for a positive future partnership.
And by the way, I think a lot of people have been very cross in Britain about the discourteous way in which our Prime Minister seems often to have been treated.
The countdown has to be tough on these issues as we move forward.
We all support it.
The Commission has undertaken important legislative initiatives for fostering the participation of persons with disabilities in society and for promoting gender equality.
Finally, regarding the other amendment from the EPP on large carnivores: I know it’s a political debate and it’s worthwhile having that debate here, but putting it among the general objectives of the LIFE programme, which talks about climate, environment and biodiversity in general terms, and then adding large carnivores as equal to those general objectives doesn’t make a lot of sense to me.
First, I would like to start with the issue of increased funding.
They have also developed tools to help with policy implementation.
Pedro Silva Pereira, Rapporteur.
In conclusion, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this important agreement.
This is an agreement with a friend and an ally.
Firstly, to enforce and fully integrate the East StratCom Task Force.
I share your views.
However, despite its positive aspects, the deal continues to raise questions.
The success of European Ukraine is seen by the Kremlin as a direct danger and this is completely wrong.
Deal or no deal, postponement of Brexit or no postponement, the European Union has a vital interest in the United Kingdom being a stable and predictable third country.
Juliane Bogner-Strauss, President-in-Office of the Council.
And in that sense, I think we need coordinated action to make that a just transition.
Let’s pull them together and make sure that we come into a concept of sustainable equality.
You then find out – because there’s such a huge amount, and it always would be the case with such a huge state, with such huge money – that sometimes it goes in directions you don’t like.
It is an indispensable element of a business-friendly environment which enables prosperity and jobs in the internal market.
On Council transparency: yes, on the opacity of decision-making, I think Ms Auken pointed to the fact that this is really about the exercising of every citizen’s right to participate in our democracy, and of course that is the cornerstone of the inquiry and that is essentially why we’re doing it.
In our proposal for an interinstitutional agreement, we have suggested to extend this principle to the Parliament and the Council.
Andrejs Mamikins (S&D).
Jarosław Wałęsa, on behalf of the PPE Group.
We must not be naive but must preserve Europe’s strategic interest.
The effects will not go away overnight, but today I see a recovering labour market and economy – growing by over 4% in 2017 and continuing at an impressive rate this year.
In 2013, he started to work on his second film, Rhinoceros, the casting was done and he was planning to start filming, but the work was halted as a result of the events on Maidan.
Soon I should have the results also of an analysis of EU orphan medicines legislation.
By working together we can share data and expertise, overcome fragmentation and geographical disadvantages and guarantee patients the right diagnosis.
Member States and relevant EU stakeholders are continuously working with the Commission to develop and review the European Union’s strategic approach on ASF and this legislation.
You mentioned the budget and the financial assistance for farmers affected, who are in the front line of the problem, but how can the Commission take immediate measures to stop the disease from spreading?
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 162(8))
In recent weeks, Bosnia and Herzegovina has deployed 180 additional police officers to improve border security.
And I want to urge all the Members here to support the ‘winter coats for Calais’ campaign.
Secondly, the report is based on the previous rapporteur’s – Ms Lalonde’s – work, despite serious allegations of conflicts of interests.
So I would appeal to everyone that we will have this debate, and I would particularly ask Mr Verhofstadt to reconsider his opposition to a debate, because he’s a forerunner of transparency and from the Conference of Presidents I’ve been told that you were not in favour of an open, transparent debate on this matter.
In this context, I would like to thank your House for having set up this excellent Special Committee on the Union’s authorisation procedure for pesticides (PEST) last year, notably following the Commission’s report on the implementation of the Directive on the Sustainable Use of Pesticides, the European Citizens’ Initiative and the debate on glyphosate.
The report calls for stronger interinstitutional cooperation.
So let me tell you what our expectations are, our wishes for the kind of Europe we’d like to project using the Sibiu summit.
Fighting those who are fighting corruption is not acceptable.
Inflation drifted downwards.
And the factors deal primarily with some slowdown in China, of course, but with what we call geopolitical uncertainties.
And here, the natural question to ask is how long will these geopolitical uncertainties last.
The establishment of both a backstop and better legislation, hopefully, coming out on the non-performing loans will be a part of that, and the BRRD as such also clarifies that all those who invest in a bank are taking a risk.
That is what British business will, and must, do – escape from a 19th century-style customs union to a more entrepreneurial and liberating future.
I would like to thank Parliament once more for its continued support and for the swift adoption and I am confident that under the Romanian Presidency we shall reach a partial, general approach – this is on the provisional agenda of the Employment, Social Affairs, Health and Consumer Affairs Council (EPSCO) March meeting – so this is already an answer to one of the questions by the rapporteur.
In total in 2018, approximately 150 000 irregular arrivals were registered at our external borders in the Mediterranean.
With the tight schedule ahead of us, it is indeed paramount to be ready and steady when the next programming period starts.
This is all the more important as European Territorial Cooperation embodies the very essence of our European project: getting together beyond boundaries to address common challenges.
However, while the context has changed and irregular migrant arrivals have dropped drastically, certain political attitudes have unfortunately not changed and so we find ourselves here again.
They will serve as a bridge until the new Dublin regulation becomes applicable.
I’ll give you just one example.
Ce soutien populaire, qui, très souvent, n’est pas pris en compte par les commentaires sur l’Europe, explique évidemment la solidité de l’euro et de la zone euro.
Daniel Hannan (ECR).
The Commission is also using infringement proceedings to address values—related violations of EU law by Member States.
We have not spoken too much about the shrinking space of civil society.
So can we say that late payments are a problem of the past?
In fact, by mid-July we had surpassed this goal, providing support to investments through the mobilisation of EUR 335 billion, and we’re well on track on delivering the target of EUR 500 billion by 2020.
We take their demands and recommendations very seriously, and we just had a celebration of 10 years of the complaints mechanism at the Bank, together with European Ombudsman, the Secretary—General of the European Ombudsman, and that was a very encouraging event.
For instance, it’s Greece, Estonia, Portugal, Bulgaria and Lithuania which are the top five recipients of EFSI financing by GDP in 2018, and that I think is a remarkably good result.
That holding has a book value of EUR 39 billion.
Finally, I want to thank Parliament for the great commitment to advancing this Multiannual Financial Framework package as much as possible.
But perhaps more significantly, she hasn’t learned or heeded the historical lesson that if you appease bullies, they always come back for more.
But this is not the moment for insisting on being right, much less for revenge or retaliation.
An overwhelming majority voted against the Withdrawal Agreement and the Political Declaration.
Let me put it differently.
As I said, the only other option would be to go back to the British people to decide between Brexit, as negotiated, or to remain in the European Union.
Herr Präsident!
This is one important pillar of our Generalised Scheme Preferences (GSP) tariff reduction scheme for developing countries.
The findings of these investigations confirm that there is indeed a surge of imports of rice that has caused economic damage to the rice sector in the EU.
With his release date fast approaching and the authorities now seeking to press further charges that could see him remain in prison for another five to seven years, those suspicions are fully justified.
Furthermore, all sides should exercise restraint and abstain from any further violence in order to de—escalate the situation.
Is there – and this is a question – a political affinity between you, Mr Schöpflin, and your Group after it split up on the Sargentini report which called for the activation of Article 7 against Hungary, led by your party?
I wouldn’t share it with you, sir.
Or should my EPP colleague get away with it if I say that they lynch me?
Clearly Venezuela finds itself at a difficult moment and nothing that we must do now must result in an escalation of violence or a military intervention.
Nothing more, nothing less.
Thank you too.
That’s always very welcome.
Public work, it’s true, but 100 000 could make it to the normal work spheres.
The second thing: we have to reflect the digital revolution, because when you realise how difficult it is for many Europeans to keep up to speed with technological changes, and how easily a gulf could open if you do not help communities like the Roma to do this, we risk making a fatal mistake.
We implemented reforms, improving public finances, including social and healthcare reform and pension reform.
We can’t walk away from science.
But it’s too easy for one individual to do this, and we need common action in three forms.
Sustainability is the key word when we talk about financial discipline, and the EU will always have the EPP on a national level, and on a European level with us as the EPP, and Jyrki is also working on this on your side.
Mr President, after the last speech I will come back to normality.
Also, the Commission will keep the Parliament regularly informed of the implementation of this agreement and will also provide reports both on the catches and on the use of the EU financial contributions.
However, there is still a long way to go to reach gender equality within the European Union and it is regrettable that gender mainstreaming is not consistently implemented in all EU activities, which prevents the effective implementation of measures to combat gender discrimination and promote gender equality.
The functioning of the EU, serving the interests and the daily problems of people in all the 28 Member States of the European Union is in focus, and here we have the red line between fundamental rights to political control over the Commission.
So, in that sense, the Commission welcomes the report and, as you know, we will give a full reaction to it later, in conformity with Treaty rules.
Why are they protesting?
Projects under the Programme for Environment and Climate Action (LIFE) also contribute significantly to supporting the active involvement of all those concerned and a participatory approach, in order to find solutions based on coexistence.
This year we will also host, at the European Parliament in Brussels, a day of dialogue with Ministers, international NGOs and civil society representatives from Syria, Lebanon, Jordan and Turkey.
This was their first joint trip abroad as newly elected Presidency members, a token of their commitment to advance towards the EU in line with what the citizens of their country demand.
Steven Woolfe (NI).
We value that partnership very much and we are committed to ensuring that it will become even stronger.
One concrete thing that we should do together with the LGBTI Intergroup is to carry out some assessment of how the List of Actions worked: what are the achievements, and what things should be changed in the future LGBTI action plan.
We’re still in the Middle Ages.
I would like to begin by stating very clearly that violence and discrimination have no place in European society.
The European Court of Human Rights ruled that the condition of compulsory sterilising surgery or treatment for legal gender recognition violated Article 8 of the Convention.
A common European approach will impact and shape national health policies, research and education and bring this beneficial treatment to those in need.
This is a Member State competence, which means that each national authority will decide whether it is legal in its territory.
In December 2018, the agency published a report on medical use of cannabis and cannabinoids, as well as questions and answers for policy making.
This is about a Europe that protects.
For the S&D Group it is a priority that the European Union and all its Member States increase their efforts to help the sustainable use of pesticides.
I am convinced that we have broad support for this report for the implementation of the directive in a good way.
A directive allows Member States room for manoeuvre when it comes to transposition.
It is, at least for me, hard to justify, or even to understand, how bad agricultural practices are still harming the very resources that sustainable agriculture depends on.
In proposing such harmonisation of national HTA methodologies, we had actually responded to the previous calls for action from Parliament.
Indrek Tarand (Verts/ALE), blue-card answer.
This is why they were also speedy.
Allow people to look into this.
We cannot accept double standards.
Mr President, this has been a useful exchange and I thank the honourable Members for their interventions.
So let me conclude by saying that we will give careful consideration to all the suggestions you made in your report and we intend to address all the customs issues highlighted by this House.
Like we did one year ago, we must call on the authorities of the Chechen Republic of the Russian Federation to immediately and unconditionally release Oyub Titiev, and also address the situation of human rights defenders, including the massive persecution and extrajudicial killing of LGBTI people.
Cecilia Malmström, Member of the Commission.
Let me conclude that it is in the interests of all to foster a more transparent dialogue.
This deal was voted through the LIBE Committee with a considerable majority.
I’m a supporter of the initiative and I’m very pleased with the report as voted in the Committee on Culture and Education.
It is also needed since the European Solidarity Corps will newly integrate the former EU Aid Volunteers programme, providing possibilities to volunteer in third countries struck by a humanitarian crisis.
Julia Reda, Rapporteur.
Madam President, I wish to thank the rapporteurs, both Angelika Niebler and Julia Reda, all the shadow rapporteurs and associated committees, for their constructive efforts to deal with these two critical legislative files as a matter of urgency.
In conclusion, can I reiterate my appreciation to all the Members of the House, to the rapporteurs in particular, and to the Austrian Presidency, which has shown very strong support for this initiative that will protect not only the interests but in some cases the very survival of our farmers, as Mr Tarabella has said.
The messages that I have heard today are clear: we must work with our Vietnamese partners to set out an ambitious course for this Agreement to be implemented effectively.
Tibor Navracsics, Member of the Commission, on behalf of the Vice—President of the Commission / High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
In December 2018, the EU adopted an action plan against disinformation, responding to the European Council’s call for a coordinated response to challenges, particularly with a view to the forthcoming European elections.
and in the establishment of a European women’s mediator network, and in gender budgeting.
Could a horizontal human rights sanction regime usefully fill such a gap and offer a more flexible approach?
Much has happened in these 15 years and our relationship has been difficult at many times.
limitations to press and internet freedom;
There is no such thing as partial integration.
Back in December 2015, we tabled an ambitious proposal.
The EU wants to turn all of us into a spy state.
Is that the purpose of the Visegrád Group, Prime Minister Pellegrini?
it shows leadership in Europe.
We will keep working constructively, openly and responsibly, including our UK citizens, who remain European citizens.
In the 2017 general election, 80% of our people, the British people, voted for parties to deliver Brexit.
You do indeed.
What is that sovereignty going to bring to you if you live that pipe dream?
The next rendezvous will be the informal summit in Seville, which will be a key moment to discuss and start shaping that long-term agenda.
Brexit was made by populism, by easy answers, and they cannot give us any kind of answer now as to how they want to deal with this Brexit outcome.
I think we should do it because Europe is a strong superpower when it comes to trade.
That would make it WTO compatible and the sums are not negligible for the European Union either, so we are not giving anything away.
Thank you very much for your attention and for the contribution of the European Parliament, in particular the rapporteurs, on this important topic.
In particular, Member States have decided to proceed with a revision of the ESM treaty in an intergovernmental framework.
Insisting that the European Monetary Fund should be integrated as of now in the Community method exacerbates this tension and hampers forward movement.
Secondly, the accountability of the successor of the European Monetary Fund (EMF) to the European Parliament and national parliaments will be crucial.
Mr President, when protests in Nicaragua began in April 2018, it became obvious that these were not protests against austerity measures, but protests by people fighting for their rights and freedoms.
This should be taken into account when preparing long-term low greenhouse gas emission development strategies at EU and national level.
Tomorrow is our first vote for higher targets.
Next year we should have the results of the evaluation of the EU animal welfare strategy.
There, I fully agree with Mr Marias when he says you have to make sure you can convince the people there is a sustainable future for them in this, with a decent job, with decent salaries, with decent social protection.
There is no need not to vote.
These are institutions whose functioning has a substantial impact on the everyday lives of European citizens and on their perception of the effectiveness of law-making within the Union.
This was particularly important in the area of cohesion, where the Court has introduced a new approach: for the first time, it checked assurance packages submitted by Member States for the current programming period.
A simpler, more transparent and more predictable regulatory framework is essential to ensure the effective and correct management of EU funds.
Let me congratulate you again for your determination and success in concluding Parliament’s first—reading position in a timely manner.
I look forward to the debate and to tomorrow’s vote, and I thank you so much.
I believe this third generation of the IPA instrument covering the period from 2021 to 2027 will be modernised and streamlined to reflect lessons learned while implementing ongoing IPA programmes.
Madam President, pre-accession assistance plays a central role in the EU’s foreign policy with enlargement countries, and we must continue to put all our efforts into supporting progressive reforms in these countries.
There will be, Ms Maletić, an indicative country-specific envelope, but the baseline is indeed the thematic priorities.
All this benefits directly citizens and business in those countries, as well as in the Union itself.
Can I try and solve this by the following?
This is the third wave of violations against this community.
Johannes Hahn, Member of the Commission, on behalf of the Vice-President of the Commission / High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
This is something we are truly proud of because Syria belongs to the Syrians and the only way to end this conflict is to help the Syrian people, together with the United Nations, build a democratic, inclusive, united and reconciled Syria.
I will always stay with a sense of missed opportunity.
We have all worked towards one common goal: ensuring effective protection for consumers, while at the same time removing barriers to the digital single market.
After the passing of the Fossil Fuel Divestment Act in Ireland in December 2018 it is encouraging to see the European Union taking a similar approach to the question of fossil fuels.
Jasenko Selimovic (ALDE).
This is not the final vote, but it is an important vote to point a finger at EU governments, showing we in the European Parliament are ready.
Secondly, it also ensures that honest insolvent or over-indebted entrepreneurs have a second chance at creating a business after a full discharge of debt, following a reasonable period of time, up to a maximum of three years.
It can never be right for broadcasters to profit disproportionately from the work of others.
I suggest that all new MEPs in the next legislature sign the Pledge and renew this action.
We propose to double the budget and build on the success of the current programme.
Mr President, it is long overdue that environmental concerns take precedence over purely business—driven interests.
That is what we are talking about, and that is what is so crucial about the votes we are going to have.
Madam Bearder, I really will have to interrupt.
And to those remainers, who have done everything to overturn the result and have now left our party, I say: ‘bye bye’.
We should lead it.
Jude Kirton-Darling (S&D).
The world needs to respond, and Europe needs to continue leading the way.
Whenever there is a conflict between the rules of the internal market and social rights, the latter should prevail.
Look at the tedious discussions we are having and the votes we are probably having tomorrow on the so-called mobility package.
Mr President, it seems quite remarkable in my opinion that EU institutions have not yet learnt their lesson.
I am looking forward to the debate.
I don’t believe it, and I think independence for Scotland is the answer.
National authorities responsible for issuing ID cards must undertake fingerprints and facial images, as far as possible, in a gender—sensitive manner.
Trade defence instruments or the new regulation on foreign direct investment screening are important here, but we also need to look at competition rules, state aid control, industrial policy and internal market rules more widely, while keeping the interests of consumers in mind.
Iuliu Winkler (PPE).
Instead, we call it an economic competitor and a systemic rival, giving away our playing cards into the hands of Trump.
Multilateralism and rules-based systems are very often mentioned by Chinese leaders, and when I have had a chance to cooperate with many Chinese authorities and leaders, I generally believe that they believe that multilateralism is a good basis for international cooperation.
This is why I am counting on you to ensure the adoption of the text as previously agreed at the trilogue on 21 February.
That is a very important statement to make.
Studies prove that, due to the responsibility of caring for a sick or elderly member of their family, women are always at the forefront, at the expense of their jobs, careers, financial independence, decent pensions and, of course, social life.
Rupert Matthews (ECR).
Sophia in ‘t Veld, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
I would also like to congratulate you for having quickly achieved a political agreement with the Council in trilogue negotiations.
Gunnar Hökmark, Rapporteur.
Valdis Dombrovskis, Vice-President of the Commission.
The question is just how we are able to deal with them, and I’m convinced that with the introduction of the BRRD, as we have decided here in Parliament, and the revision we are going to decide upon now, with a hierarchy and with the TLAC, and with its discretionary opportunities for competent authorities: things are better.
President.
The new regime provides for an adequate implementation and phase-in period with the possibility to review the provisions in a few years’ time.
Unfortunately, the decision of Member States has been in another direction.
But, as with all transitions, it is difficult;
Our first priority must be to prevent further violence.
I understand that your worry is about Eastern Europe.
However, the Commission regrets that the co-legislators have decided to deviate from the Common Approach of the Parliament, the Council and the Commission on decentralised agencies of 19 July 2012.
In particular, the Commission regrets the deviation from the Common Approach with regard to the composition of the Management Board of the European Food Safety Authority (number of members designated by the European Parliament).
Bas Eickhout, Rapporteur.
Well done.
I am very pleased that the European Parliament and the Council found a good and pragmatic compromise which can considerably improve the situation for both companies and their employees.
The fund also clearly excludes actions for the development of lethal autonomous weapons without human control.
The Commission is willing to engage in a constructive trilateral discussion with a view to finding appropriate solutions to the concerns that still exist.
But let me once again reaffirm the Council’s willingness and commitment to engaging with the European Parliament, be it in another setting, after the May elections.
the newly introduced rule regarding remedies in the case of violation of the provisions of the regulation by a committee of inquiry, its members and officials and other servants of the European Parliament;
Thank you very much for your attention again.
The most important factor here depends on us, EP decision makers, as well as local governments to promote this fund in our Member States, to talk about the possibilities it can bring to European companies and projects, so the money would be invested.
David Coburn, on behalf of the EFDD Group.
We didn’t always agree, but we certainly worked our best.
Human dignity cannot be divided: it is for all, present and to come.
Go back 10 years to 2008—2009.
Last but not least, the farmers in Europe.
But if the numbers change, the philosophy and the democratic nature of the European continent, that is neither in the interests of the people who live here or the people who are coming here.
You have said it live.
Good luck!
Whether it’s about their jobs, whether it’s about immigration, whether it’s about the climate, whether it’s about security, these issues are real.
I trust you, but national champions are European Union champions, so we can see a bit of disagreement with your Spitzenkandidat Mr Manfred Weber, who some time ago said in the media that you would agree to change some rules on state aid and competition in the EU to allow the creation of such champions, which I think is the wrong message to the economy, because also the message ‘Europe which protects’ sounds good – but to protect from whom?
But, at the same time, we forget that the US federal budget is over 20% of GDP, and that’s why people also living in the same Wyoming.
Mr President, I would like to make a point of order on Rules 226 and 227.
The vote will take place on Thursday, 18 April 2019.
Once again, I need to say that many of us will miss you.
We urge the security forces in Cameroon to stop the use of this disproportionate violence and to respect the human rights of all its citizens.
I have much faith in this symbol.
We need to build an economy that is not only green and clean but also competitive, and it’s quite clear that, in addition to what we’ve been doing already, we need a new, ambitious approach to all the so-called technological mega-trends.
Donald Tusk, President of the European Council.
I think the most obvious conclusion that comes from the last Council is that the Spitzenkandidaten mechanism is dead.
However, when the milk is spilt please remember that I warned you.
Here again, I want to thank the European Parliament’s previous mandate and I’m sure you will continue in this way for the support and the contribution to our efforts to increase the coherence and the coordination among institutions and within the institutions of the European Union.
So I hope that this compass, as we call it, can also be useful to navigate in the difficult times you will most likely face – I hope not – in the five years of your mandate.
Are you in favour of some military coups, or some military dictatorships?
We will continue to support the talks, knowing (without being naive) that in the past, previous experiences of negotiation and mediation have proven to be so difficult and also inconclusive, but a clear set up, clear perspective: I think we have a duty.
A unanimous stance was not possible because the current Romanian Government and their parties were very close to Vladimir Plahotniuc’s party and they were not happy to drop them, which was problematic, but I think all the others were supportive from the outset.
Federica Mogherini, Vice-President of the Commission / High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
I am also glad that, in these very first weeks, our contacts with our new counterparts have been very intense and very positive.
We have to do it the European way.
If we are united on the inside, nobody will divide us from the outside.
He is a community leader by day, in vocational training, and a student for his high school degree by night.
(Beifall)
Finally, on the rule of law, there have been some very good words, but one concrete action, so do you support the European Parliament in its Article 7 procedure against Hungary?
Do you believe that in 2030 the vision of Europe is that a couple of billionaires will be driving battery–charged Maybach cars and the rest will ride their bicycles and in China everybody will have a car?
This is an area where also the Commission needs to show dedication and it is my hope that the Commission will be led by a President who is experienced in the area of security and defence and who has a good understanding of the shortcomings that need to be improved, also in cooperation with NATO.
During the Romanian Presidency, the EU made good progress on several important issues such as the digital single market, the Gas Directive and the Banking Union.
We need to stop these shameful violations of international law close to our borders.
Mr President, this feels a little bit like Groundhog Day.
The EU has for some time already had a solid legal framework in place that includes the Ambient Air Quality Directives and is the basis for measures taken at national, regional and local levels.
we must do better.
The people dreamed of, and had expectations for, peace and stability for the whole continent.
We are aiming at setting up a well-balanced and effective mechanism that will tie EU funding to compliance with the rule of law.
The Commission has also laid out its vision for the EU to become climate-neutral by 2050.
Just last week, there was a rally that was addressed by President Trump himself...
Mr Rowland, you heard the response.
We need to act to protect them and ensure that they are given refuge in Europe if they continue to be targeted.
‘One country, two systems’ must not be undermined by intervention from Beijing or by imposing emergency regulations.
This requires concerted efforts by the EU and the Member States and also by civil society and the private sector.
Yes, we still live in stable, resilient democracies, but honestly these democracies are under attack.
I would like to thank Members for their very active participation.
Madam President, these horrible forest fires turned the spotlight on the plight of the Amazon basin’s 2.7 million strong indigenous population.
It needs to impact the entire world.
Let’s be honest, Bolsonaro is right-wing and is burning forestry, and Morales is left-wing and is equally burning forestry.
Let’s be very clear: if the Mercosur agreement is ratified, it is Europe that will tear up the Paris Agreement, not the others.
Karmenu Vella, Member of the Commission.
We Europeans have stepped up our support to stop this escalation, to stabilise a crucial region for our own security and to help the people of the Sahel take their future into their hands.
If we profess our belief in human rights and religious freedom, then why are we silent?
It is the second global currency.
There will be a reckoning for them when the election comes.
It’s time to leave.
It creates a climate of fear and uncertainty.
The Finnish Presidency firmly believes that the EU needs to put people at the centre of policymaking.
I am pleased to see that the Commissioner—designate’s mission letter focuses on ways to help ensure that Europe has a supply of affordable medicines to meet its needs.
That is why the Council acted, as always, with prudence and financial discipline in full consciousness of the budgetary constraints we face.
Let us be confident and ambitious, as the European people have demanded we be, within this budget and the next.
They were hard fought and hard earned.
The European Union was not built on adulation, on us against them or on the idea of the survival of the fittest.
It is only through collective European actions that we can address citizens’ concerns and meet current challenges and, most importantly, maintain, uphold and strengthen our common European house.
It agreed, in December 2018, on a dedicated anti—money laundering action plan to further improve the current system, and the Council is regularly monitoring the delivery of the various actions.
This system must be taken seriously by all the Member States.
The Presidency will remain available for exchanges on the subject as needed, so I would like to thank you all very much again for your commitment to this issue.
In fact, this European Parliament is the only fully operational parliament representing British citizens today.
(Applause and heckling)
We need more time to reverse Brexit.
But who seriously believes that sporadic or electronic customs checks will lead to the resurgence of violent terror in Ireland.
Even the Guy Verhofstadts of this world can be seen in a video drinking to the fact that they have succeeded in keeping the UK hostage for at least five years.
What is the point of free and fair elections if the losers refuse to accept defeat?
By this I mean also Europeans from the UK as well as from the continent.
There is no discussion about this.
The Myanmar Government must create conditions that can enable safe, dignified and voluntary returns.
Urmas Paet, author.
Together with our coordinator, we believe that it is the right time for a debate on authorisations of GMOs.
The only person who has not been blamed is Mr Johnson himself, apparently, but all the rest are the source of our problems.
Tytti Tuppurainen, President-in-Office of the Council.
Geoffrey Van Orden (ECR).
In addition, it is clear that Brexit is a pressing issue for leaders next week.
Scaling up investments in climate action and environmental sustainability will have to go hand in hand with building up capacity and expertise of project developers, for which technical assistance and advisory services will be warranted to build up a robust pipeline of sustainable investment projects.
We have listened to the very clear message by President—elect Ursula von der Leyen in her address to you at the European Parliament and we have listened to you, the European Parliament, and your very vocal international calls for action.
The new EIB energy lending policy, which is currently under discussion by the EIB Board, will be an important step in this regard.
Amendments to the EU’s Staff Regulation in 2014 strengthened the rules on conflicts of interest for staff of all EU institutions.
Billy Kelleher (Renew), in writing.
GM for food use is limited, but there is EU—wide dependency on GM for protein crops for use in animal feeds.
That’s why we have proposed to set ourselves a high objective and to dedicate 25% of the overall next EU long-term budget, or approximately EUR 320 billion, to projects contributing to climate action.
Madam President, the integrity of our elections is critical for the success in survival of democracy.
Madam President, I voted against the resolution on the multiannual financial framework.
Michael Gahler, on behalf of the PPE Group.
To implement the Joint Action Plan, the Commission is putting in place a set of tailor—made arrangements with each of the Western Balkan partner countries, including actions for effective prevention and countering of all forms of violent extremism.
President.
I am sorry, we will continue in the debate.
After 15 years in this Parliament, I know that the European Union has many faults, but a malevolent empire it is not.
The second thing is that the executive must appear before the committees.
This is worth underlining.
Mr President, I think it is an indictment on all of our institutions that we have just celebrated the 11th anniversary of the failure of the Horizontal Anti-Discrimination Directive – a directive which is clearly long overdue.
We cannot accept for our people a hierarchy of discrimination, criteria, or the fact that the moment you leave the workplace, the law is no longer an ally.
I must emphasise that public disclosure of information does not automatically mean increased tax revenues.
People want the real thing.
It has changed since 2016;
Is it not the truth that the British people have been treated in contempt by the EU in these negotiations?
Thank you, Jean Claude, for your great leadership.
It is outrageous.
Almost four years on, we have no answers from el-Sisi and the Egyptian Government.
Neven Mimica, Member of the Commission.
Thus I note with great pleasure the attention the European Parliament is giving to the 30th anniversary of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Dubravka Šuica, the Vice-President-designate for Democracy and Demography, has been entrusted with the preparation of a new comprehensive strategy for the rights of the child and with the delivery of a child guarantee.
The mobilisation continues up to date and it has brought support from across all sectors of society.
Last but not least, the final lesson: strengthen the local footprint.
Madam President, working together, trade unions across Europe have won many rights for workers that are now enshrined in European law: from paid holiday for all, to new protections for precarious workers.
The final goal should also include the fight against trafficking in human beings, migrant smuggling and other types of cross-border crime, which is ever present in mixed migration flows.
The critical situation of unaccompanied minors in Greece continues to be a top priority and I have personally called for a proactive approach to find new places and reach tangible results as well as to facilitate their integration.
The statement I quoted is in line with the recent special reports of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), according to which human-induced warming has already raised 1° Celsius above pre-industrial levels and is increasing at approximately 0.2° Celsius per decade.
Our own emission reduction targets have to be increased;
In some countries, including, unfortunately, my home country, Estonia, we still try to reconcile victims and tyrants.
No one person, no one institution is going to change this.
The opponents of the Convention misinterpret the scope.
Furthermore, programmes and projects supporting competitiveness increased by 7.9% compared with 2019.
Your hard work and enthusiasm can be highly commended.
I hereby call on the Commission for a speedy procedure in order to trigger the Solidarity Fund and targeted ERDF support.
Ms Kempa, first of all, your question.
Ask yourself which Member States have been the most aggressive ones throughout history?
It is a fundamental value to love whom you want and to be respected for that, and to be who you want.
They have enough going on without trying to explain to them that a problem with the aeroplanes is going to result in potentially them going out of business, because while you’re explaining it to them, they’re also asking you to explain: ‘how can I expect the Commission to help me when these people who are meant to be helping me are going along signing another deal with Mercosur countries, which will make things even more difficult for us?’.
So multilateralism is very much under threat.
We will do what it takes to preserve a binding, independent, two-step system of dispute resolution in the WTO.
I want to thank the Committee on International Trade (INTA), the rapporteur and the Chair for taking this broad initiative, and I know we can count on the European Parliament for continued reform and to be a strong player in the WTO when it’s reformed but also on its implementation.
Is it a dispute between the EU and the US?
As Greens, we know that the climate emergency is a far greater crisis facing us, which is why we are determined that this should be a climate election.
We must act as if we mean that.
Coming to the end of my intervention, we have to deliver now.
He has talked about negotiating a new agreement with the European Union then putting it to another referendum remaining neutral.
Let me also say that if climate is the key priority, it should be fully respected in our financial plans.
we are telling other countries that they should do something.
Each week our military men and women are dying.
Faced with Russia and Angel Dzhambazki who speak peace and practise war, we welcome the decision taken by NATO to deploy rapid reaction forces in Central and Eastern European countries.
Mr Stanisław, you spoke of the cacophony of opinions.
This autumn, the cold-blooded assault on Antonino has proved that the intolerance and discrimination we were referring to are still more than present in Pakistan and that the Taliban and Al-Qaida are terrorising society in order to hinder any democratic and egalitarian reform.
In all these respects, I support Sara Skyttedal and therefore I shall vote for her report.
You know that Ms Marino and Mr Sarkozy have proposed the introduction of a European economic government meeting twice a year.
If Zdzisław Krasnodębski is not excluded from this agreement tomorrow, you could face the possibility of action before the European Court of Justice.
Gunnar Hökmark and Peter Simon negotiated this on behalf of the Parliament.
Madam President, Donald Trump is certainly proving the substance of his misogyny to the world because stifling global funds for women’s reproductive health was one of his first acts as President.
It was Europe which created the idea of governmental national action plans on the guiding principles, now adopted by President Mark, but I hope Ms Mogherini will assist all of our own Member States now to complete theirs.
The resignation of Mcclarkin and the subsequent criminal investigations will shed light on much of this and will mark a chance for the organisation to clean up its reputation, finding space in the headlines related to football rather than scandal.
I do not have any more information, Mr Tudor, on what is happening with the poor gentlemen who is in Eritrea, David.
In the early 1970s, Suzanne, the pre-eminent Austrian statesman was one of the first to recognise the severity of the conflict in the Middle East.
Based on statements and a series of documents from another Member, the Public Prosecutor’s Office suspects that Boissière illegally accessed the private email system of Hans-Peter Martin, by copying and disclosing the latter’s private and professional data.
Thank you for taking my blue card, Mrs Griset.
However, we must acknowledge that the crisis which we are facing, the most serious in the last 70 years, was brought about by certain shortcomings in the Economic and Monetary Union and by structural problems experienced by the states in the euro area, especially with regard to the disparities in competitiveness between them, as was rightly mentioned recently by Franco Borgo.
Madam President, just like my colleague, Nicolae Ştefănuță, I would like to raise the issue of the continuing imprisonment of the 18 year-old Irish citizen Ibrahim Halawa.
Madam President, although Petre is trying to bounce the Westminster Parliament into rubber-stamping the Brexit deal, our Parliament should do its job properly.
It has long been clear that, under the Sven Schulze dictatorship, there is no rule-of-law provision, independence of the judiciary or even basic standards of human rights in Belarus.
Mr Caspary’s proposal was very interesting, and I think that as part of the logic of opening up world markets, we should have a far-reaching Carlos Zorrinho Plan, a new Marshall Plan for developing countries, so that they can compete with the major players that compete with us.
Mr President, dear colleagues, first of all, allow me to thank the rapporteurs, Mr Irini and Mr Leichtfried for the work they did on these files.
Mr Laroni, if you have followed the debates, then you will know that my group has always advocated a process based on the formula of solidity plus solidarity.
Mr Starrin, that is no way to behave.
Colleagues, the idea of today’s debate on the future of Europe with Andrej Plenković (last time it was with Marije Cornelissen) is to talk more generally about the future of this continent, our continent, and I want to talk today about identity.
Mr Verhofstadt, last month you attacked Voaden here for his poor attendance on the Committee on Fisheries.
On the one hand, Poland’s record might give us reason for optimism but, on the other hand, I am sorry to say that the Presidency of the Council is now diminished since Graete and Catherine Ashton took charge of EU foreign policy.
It has been an excellent negotiation and I hope the Commission will pass my thanks on to Moretti who was one of the negotiators present.
Liz said last week that such a war will leave ruins, thousands of children without education, so many innocent victims and lots of money in the pockets of arms dealers.
Madam President, I do not know how much time I have, because I have to start on behalf of Crețu, the rapporteur on the European Grouping for Territorial Cooperation (EGTC) instrument, who is not here, and I would like to say a few words on his behalf on the result of the negotiations.
Everyone gathered here today recognises the status quo, which is why we must have an eye to the future – as Mr Schön has just said: do you remember the start of these talks?
My second point, which is also urgent and important, Martin Dimitrov Minister, is the appointment of the first chief European Public Prosecutor of the European Union.
Mr Miroslav Beneš, could I please ask you to leave the Chamber.
I call on President Jürgen to pardon both men and I call on Belarus to establish a moratorium on all death sentences and executions and eventually to abolish the death penalty in that country.
In his State of the Union speech, President Sven Skovmand called for an end of unanimity in taxation policy.
It was great to have two big men representing two small countries as Adina-ioana Vălean Ministers here in Parliament.
Mr President, Ms Lepage, are you therefore willing to accept that it is a question of physics rather than a lobbying question;
Secondly, the case of Ms Bruno, who was initially kidnapped in Donbass, is a reminder of the situation in eastern Ukraine.
Taking part in today’s proceedings are a representative of the Polish Presidency, Mr Piri, and the President of the Commission, Mr Barroso.
Last week I met with Tchetin, the coordinator of the Syrian opposition’s High Negotiations Committee, and I confirmed the EU’s readiness to support these talks and to provide capacity-building during negotiations and afterwards and during the political transition when it starts.
I support the draft joint resolution and I would like to stress there should be no future and post—conflict Syria for Ukeiwé.
Thank you, Minister Tuppurainen, and also my thanks to Commissioner Gianna Gancia, who has been with us for the debate and listening closely to it.
We have done this in the high-level group, which was chaired by Vice-President Tajani and had Vice-President Gomolka and myself as members, where European industry and industry which is not European but is working in the European space were very much involved.
I would congratulate my colleague, Mr Wolters, on his work relating to this delicate brief.
That was the idea behind Vice—President Teresa and myself launching the Ocean Governance communication last November.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Ms Vilja Savisaar-toomast’s report is excellent and continues the work carried out with the directive on combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of children and child pornography online, for which I was the rapporteur.
I welcome the report by Ms Irigoyen Pérez, which aims to ensure equal treatment and the elimination of discrimination in the internal market and, in particular, protection of the most vulnerable consumers.
I really have to congratulate both the Commissioner and the Danish Presidency, including Minister Kaufmann, on this, for me, extremely positive and visionary report.
Mr President, I would also like to thank the Commissioner for her ongoing interest and commitment to the issue of the ready-made garment sector, not least in Bangladesh, and I am speaking here in my role as Jean-marie Vanlerenberghe of Parliament’s Delegation for relations with the countries of South Asia, and we have followed the Sustainability Compact from the start.
Forman spoke of supporting and strengthening relations such as with eastern partnership countries.
It must be part of our recovery and it plays an increasing role in long-term European investment which, as Commissioner Carlos Zorrinho pointed out, is EUR 15 billion down in public and private terms from the start of the crisis.
I am voting for Ms Gehrold’s report, which establishes detailed rules on the detection of macroeconomic imbalances, as well as the prevention and correction of excessive macroeconomic imbalances in the EU.
Ville rages against a unipolar world: what he intends, in reality, is the unravelling of the post-war settlements, based on the rule of law and human rights, in favour of the ‘might is right’ dogma.
In her political guidelines, the President—elect, Ms Bruno, put unprecedented emphasis on promoting equality and assigned this new created portfolio to Ms Dalli, who was mentioned here several times.
Madam President, it is very simple and it is very sad, and so I will continue to read the names of the arrested Turkish journalists that my colleagues Ms Harms and Ms Valero began: Cemal Azmi Kalyoncu, Cihan Acar, Cihat Ünal, Cuma Kaya, Cuma Ulus, Cumali Önal, Eda Şanlı, Emre Soncan, Ercan Gün, Erdal Şen, Faruk Akkan, Fevzi Yazıcı, Gökçe Fırat Çulhaoğlu, Gültekin Avcı, Habip Güler, Hakan Taşdelen, Halil İbrahim Mert, Hanım Büşra Erdal, Haşim Söylemez, Hüseyin Aydin, Hüseyin Turan, İbrahim Balta, İbrahim Kareyeğen, İsa Siyi, Kenan Baş, Lalezar Sarıibrahimoğlu, Lokman Erdoğan, Mehmet Altan, Mehmet Kuru, Mehmet Özdemir, Metin, Murat Avcıoğlu, Murat Öztürk, Mustafa Erkan Acar, Mustafa Ünal.
I agree with Ms Nattrass – even though you did not mention one of the first statements by the S&D Group, but that is not what we are discussing – that it is important for us to take a joint approach in this matter.
That is why I voted for the resolution moved by Mr Fritz Gautier and Ms Sehnalová on the adoption of the eCall system in all cars by 2015.
This resolution comes after Mr Chouraqui sent letters to the eight Member States with youth unemployment rates significantly higher than the EU average of 22.4%, including Portugal, and ‘Action teams’ were sent to prepare youth employment plans in these Member States.
We will work closely in support of the efforts of the High Representative/Vice-President Nicole Pery to strengthen the role of the European Union in bringing peace to troubled regions such as Syria, Iran, Mali and Somalia.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to congratulate Mr Veronica Palm on the report he has drafted, which fits logically into the framework of actions undertaken and promoted at Union level relating to tourism, now that the Treaty of Lisbon has given the European Union new powers in this field.
I must congratulate Mr Anja Weisgerber on his excellent work, which is of a quality rarely achieved for a task of this magnitude.
I would also like to invite the Chair, Ms Sharon Bowles, and the rapporteurs, Ms Corien Wortmann-Kool, Elisa Ferreira, Sylvie Goulard, Carl Haglund, Vicky Ford, Diogo Feio, and of course the Vice-President of the European Commission, Mr Francisca Pleguezuelos Aguilar Rehn.
We need to think about the right to safety, which must prevail over our personal and political considerations and those of a Eurosceptic group which I do not think will be able to vote in favour, as Mr Anne E. Jensen said.
I think what we do need indeed is a Europe of sovereign nations and I think the idea of a Europe of sovereign nations 2.0 is exactly what Charles de Gaulle wanted, and after Brexit we have only one country in Europe which has this kind of common sense in the government, and that is yours, Mr Kallenbach Minister, and I thank you for it.
Mr President, I welcome the review of the regulation, and I would like to thank Mr Menrad for his excellent cooperation with the shadow rapporteurs.
The European Union has been engaged in initiatives of intercultural and inter-religious dialogue in the spirit of openness, engagement and mutual understanding, including in the framework of Unesco, the UN Alliance of Civilisations, the Brigitte and the Istanbul Process.
Regarding the sea, I welcome very much the new budget line for maritime actions and particularly the proposals made by Commissioner Meropi Kaldi just a few days ago regarding the Atlantic.
In respect of economic progress, I agree with Mr Hellmut Sieglerschmidt and Mr Cohn-Bendit that this is no time for complacency.
On the diplomatic front, Mauro Ferri has been speaking to Secretary-General El-Arabi to discuss the next steps and express our political support for the efforts that the Arab League is undertaking to solve the Syrian crisis.
The correct reaction has been proposed by President Petr Lachnit and Chancellor Merkel.
Electronic books, which are growing in popularity thanks to readers such as – maybe I should not enumerate them – Kindle, iPads, etc. are subject to a much higher VAT rate than their paper cousins (which we love, I agree with you, Alfreds Rubiks).
Hatred, superpower politics, incitement against others, contempt for humanity, the trenches of the First World War, Leopoldo Ortiz Climent’s gulags and the gas chambers of Auschwitz were the lowest points in the history of civilisation.
Maybe this also refers to Mrs Claudio, who talked about the failure of international aviation.
As Mr Neynsky mentioned earlier, Norway has offered to take in an extra 250 refugees, a number that almost equals that of the entire European Union put together.
I think you need to understand that your own legislation would not have been able to save Massimo Casanova.
Please tell us, Mr Barekov, so we can avoid all these misunderstandings.
I would also like to take this opportunity to thank rapporteur Sergio for his work.
When we show our solidarity with Ms Viorica Dăncilă, I strongly believe that we should always refer to the full list of politicians and former high-ranking officials who are now in prison for political reasons as a result of a retaliation campaign organised by the regime of President Yanukovych.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Ioannis because I consider that the proposals of UN WP.29 will make a positive contribution to road safety, the environment and trade, to which every country is committed.
As regards cohesion policy, the proposals made by the President of the European Council, Saara, for cuts amounting to EUR 29.5 billion in relation to the Commission’s proposal, represent the fourth round of cuts since that proposal was presented.
Madam President, with regard to the sale of a bluefin tuna at the beginning of this year in the fish market in Tokyo, referred to by both Mariani and Mr Romeva i Rueda, the fish in question weighed 270 kilos and was sold for EUR 575 000, that is EUR 2 000 a kilo.
Mr Séamus touched upon the simplification of the rules of origin.
That is a direct quote from Ms Gipo.
We talk a great deal about expenditure, but I see that certain Member States have very little interest in tackling issues at European level, such as financial transactions and tax fraud, a matter that is particularly scandalous and was denounced by Mr Yiannakis yesterday.
Although, at the end of January, the Council decided to apply further sanctions, their effect is limited and President Karl W.h. Hauenschild does not show any willingness to reform his system.
The Confederal Group of the European United Left – Nordic Green Left (GUE/NGL) has worked with the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance (Verts/ALE) and Ralph, who has led the fight over this issue, to put forward an alternative resolution.
OK, we are going to deal with that later, talk about who is doing the job now – Hollande, Merkel, Henriette Poirier.
Mr President, in thanking Vice-President Galle for his presentation of the Commission Work Programme 2017, I would like to follow from where he left off by saying that the Commission should not, and does not need to do it alone, because in Parliament this year there was an exemplary procedure for preparation of the Commission Work Programme 2017.
Mr President, may I join in first of all in thanking the rapporteur, Itälä, and the shadow rapporteurs for their excellent work and in expressing my deep disappointment about the fact that the European Union, the Council and the Member States have not reacted at all on the NSA revelations.
Let us invite President Werner Langen to come here, to this European Parliament.
To close, I just want to say that, concerning economic and monetary union, Schengen, foreign and security policy, the single market, energy and all the issues that President Brudziński raised today, you can count on an approach by the Presidency which will include more Europe, not less Europe;
ECHO Director Reimer Böge visited Myanmar during the same period.
I want to thank Samland for the part that she played in this when she was Commissioner for communications and telecommunications.
Today, together with Vice-President Ansip and Commissioner Bernard, I met a delegation of business representatives to hear their practical concerns and to stress the need to comply with the ruling swiftly.
If, on a point of order raised by Ms Maria Lisa Cinciari Rodano, one can raise the blue card, I raised it, but I was told that I was unable to ask a question, whereas now Ms De Keyser has been given time to reply to another question.
I think that the only way out is to agree that we put the weight of the European Parliament behind a motion seeking, in interaction with Ms Arlene, serious unconditional negotiations on peace, on a peace settlement, on the resumption of the talks.
The Mihael Brejc programme is extraordinary because it is able to reach those victims of violence that have been beyond the reach of other institutions.
General Balsemão, ex-head of the NSA in the US, said security is a national issue.
Our conversation will be based on the final report of the EU’s Election Observation Mission, and I would like here to take again the opportunity to thank all the Members of this Parliament, and your former colleague and my new fellow Commissioner, Julie, for having led that mission in a remarkable manner.
The Scottish Professor Julie Ward has served well in this capacity, and I had every hope that her successor would do the same.
I hope you won’t hold it against me, as Carvalhas Minister of a country with a smaller domestic market and a long history of international trade, for mentioning the elephant in the room.
Let us therefore take the Energy Union and the Cora plan, not to invest in, or as a means to restart, the old economy, but as a means to start a new economy.
I think we have a huge opportunity to do exactly what Mr Gaetano Carrozzo has just said, to organise this paradigm change.
Allow me also to thank our S&D shadow rapporteur, Parvanova, for his strong contribution and for his role in ensuring a good compromise was reached.
I hope a solution can be found with Simpson’s best interests at heart;
I am saying this of my own free will, since Mr Wacław Klukowski is not even a member of my political group.
It is now one year since Vincent left power.
This report, by Mr Rapkay, concerns the request for the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of the Italian Member of the European Parliament, Mr Raymond Langendries.
This is why I welcome this fiscal programme and fiscal report and I would like to congratulate Sven Giegold, who is unfortunately not with us, but also Ms Hugues for this important contribution, and I want to say that, without having a technical programme that supports national authorities in exchanging information, sharing good practices and implementing efficient IT technologies, the fight against tax abuses would not be successful.
Thanks are due to Kyösti Toivonen, who did a tremendous job, and to everybody involved.
The text on derivatives that we discussed earlier with Mr Mathieu Grosch was the subject of many technical discussions with the US regulators throughout summer 2010.
The large number of arrests, including Linda Mcavan himself, reminds us all that presidential elections are looming next year.
I voted in favour of the report tabled by Ms Iotova.
For example, Alessandro, the former CEO of Lehman Brothers, was paid in 2007, so only one year before the collapse in 2008, a total of USD 22 million, which included a base salary of only USD 750 000, a cash bonus of more than USD 4 million and stock grants of more than USD 16 million.
Mr President, besides supporting my colleague, Jo Leinen, in his request that the person designated as Ambassador to the EU will not be accepted, I want to hear you, Mr President – as President of this Parliament and on behalf of this Parliament – to clearly condemn the measures that President Stirbois has announced in the US banning Muslims from certain countries as illegal, against international law and our principles as allies, racist, xenophobic, discriminatory and inviting terror reactions.
The next item is the report submitted by Renzo Imbeni on behalf of the Committee on Development on the impact on aid delivery of devolution of the Commission’s management of external assistance from its headquarters to its delegations (2011/2192(INI) (A7-0056/2012)
I also want to thank Mr Roberto Gualtieri, Chair of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Policy (ECON) and the shadow rapporteurs, Mr Brian Hayes, Mr Renato Soru, Mr Bas Eickhout, Mr Ashley Fox, Mr Gerolf Annemans and Mr Newman, for your constructive engagement, persistence and faith in this truly pan-European challenge.
I truly believe that the new programme of Fundamental Rights, Equality and Citizenship should maintain Claudia as a stand-alone programme to support women’s rights organisations in the field.
In this context, the Greek authorities have already closed some of the centres mentioned in the MSF report, such as Alexandra in Lesvos, Palaio Elliniko, Aspropyrgos, Tychero, Piraeus, and Venna.
Mr President, Minister, colleagues, first of all I would like to thank our rapporteurs, Mr Coelho and Mrs Scott for their long-lasting efforts to maintain Parliament’s position as it was approved by the vote in the LIBE committee one year ago, and it is very regrettable that these efforts were not crowned with success.
What I wanted to say is that Mr Johan Danielsson really encapsulated it all when he started, when he said: ‘I hope I can have a dialogue with the Polish authorities’.
this House should monitor and continue to raise issues linked to violations and persecutions of minorities worldwide from Tibetans and Uighurs in China to Montagnards in Vietnam to the Sam Rainsy Party in Cambodia!
I have stayed in regular contact with the US Secretary of Commerce, Secretary Djida Tazdaït.
‒ I would like to congratulate my colleague and fellow Labour Member Michel Dantin on this report and all the work that she has put into it.
The nomination of party champions as candidates for the Commission Presidency, as well as the drawing of Members of the College from the Parliament, follows the logic of the Treaty of Lisbon, whereby Parliament will elect Mr Harms’s successor.
I endorsed Parliament’s resolution on the Agenda for New Skills and Léon.
Even Miroslav paid tribute to it in terms of the number of dossiers that have been got over the line: the common agricultural policy, common fisheries policy and 80 dossiers that were lying there for years.
I agree with President Pilar that the time has come to align expectation with reality.
‒ Urutchev has taken on the enormous task of hosting hundreds of thousands of refugees from Syria and Iraq.
Mr President, President Stavros is undeniably a leader with popular support thanks to the social advances his presidency has brought to the overwhelming majority of the Venezuelan population.
I would like to thank wholeheartedly the rapporteurs, Mr Marie-france Stirbois and Mr Lenaers;
Last month B’Tselem received EUR 30 000 from the European Endowment for Democracy, whose chair of Board of Governors is Lydie Schmit, Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs (AFET), who sits alongside another nine MEPs.
This is a path that cannot be accepted by all those – such as Pál – who will suffer as a result, and severely so.
Finally, I would like to congratulate Mr Martina Werner on his fine work.
Let me start by saying that I agree with those such as Mr Gauzès, Ms Piétrasanta, Mr Giegold and Mr Klute who have stressed the importance of the social dimension of the European Union as the essential element of the European social market economy and of the Economic and Monetary Union.
Let me thank Ms Vallina once again for her report.
The leader of Mr Flynn, or the de facto leader of Mr Tudose, does not know whom he admires more – Putin or Trump.
I am proud of it and I would like to reach out to my colleagues Mr Becker and Mr Efstratios Papaefstratiou for having done such a great job on this.
How would you view or assess the situation when – having the same assessment, I understand – Washington breaks the talks with Russia, condemning the Aleppo drama, but Ms Ozan Ceyhun telephones Mr Lavrov asking him for help to deliver humanitarian aid to those who are bombed by Russians and Syrians at the same time?
I voted in favour of Mr D'ormesson’s report for these reasons.
This very good report by Ms Cornelissen provides us with a road map from the perspective of employment and social affairs.
‒ I voted in favour of the Vincenzo Bettiza report because it is imperative we increase the employment potential of jobs in the green sector.
As the President mentioned earlier, Fiori has taken in thousands of Iraqi Christians over the past year.
If Norway is having misgivings, Joachim and company should forget all about saddling the British with a bill that could approach GBP eight billion a year.
Mr Jytte Guteland and others said that whether Groups do or do not support tax harmonisation is almost irrelevant: the fact of the matter is that it is on the public record that citizens do not support it.
Incidentally, when it comes to justice, the Americans did manage to lock up the people who actually disclosed the scandals – for example Mr Ward, a former CIA employee who spent time in prison – rather than the people responsible for terror.
Mr Juncker, Mr Armelle, Mr Rehn, Mr Barroso, the President of the European Central Bank, we have at least five people who represent Europe.
Vítor Caldeira, President of the Court of Auditors.
It was a proposal of Mr Martin Bangemann of the IFO: I wonder if you share their views?
Azerbaijan, on the other hand, clearly violated the spirit of the rules by immediately granting a pardon to the returned Mr Richard.
Mr Carlo Calenda, you have to do your homework again.
Mr Cindy, meanwhile, came here and said we had a problem.
The idea originally came from the report by Briant two years ago, and also from our discussions at the Single Market Forum in Kraków.
I would like to begin my speech opening the debate on discharge for the Council with this phrase uttered by Roland Boyes when he crossed the Rubicon with his legion, the Invincible Tenth.
Alain, on behalf of the EFD Group.
Take Cato as an example.
Manisco’s fundamental error is that he does his duty and he does a good job of it.
Mr President, when an authoritarian regime appears to be involved in the brutal murder of a citizen in one of its consulates, as seems to have happened with the journalist Mr Ernst Strasser, democratic governments have two possible reactions: putting human dignity above all or clinging to the economic interests that tie them to this regime.
Mr President, I would like to thank Minister Ivo Vajgl, a former colleague, and Commissioner Jourová for their statements.
Second, Russians remember that a Marxist anti-American government was installed in Grenada in 1983, and that Danjean then sent in troops and ousted the elected government.
The Commission has certain reservations about this idea quite simply – I believe that Mr Bill Etheridge will understand this – because we believe institutionally, within the framework of the Treaties, that we are the Guardian of the Treaties and that duplications or reduplications in terms of function or responsibility should be avoided.
Matteo, the UN Special Rapporteur on Human Rights in Myanmar, recently stated that that she fears the country is sliding back towards conflict.
Concerning the Tomáš report, following the Council of 26 April 2010 asking ‘to undertake work with a view to preparing options for the possible elaboration of a security strategy for the global maritime domain’, work is well under way on developing such a document.
I know that the work to increase these new financial pledges will be ongoing, and Mr Tibor Cañete is in the forefront with his high ambition coalition.
For that reason, we are so grateful in Ireland for the solidarity of the EU26, articulated so well by President Juncker and Mr Ana here this morning.
The Commission is very grateful to Mr Leichtfried, the rapporteur, to Chairman Visser, and to the other honourable Members who worked on this report, and for the overall support for the Commission’s proposal.
I voted in favour of the proposal for a decision of Parliament and of the Council for the mobilisation of the fund because the request submitted by the Danish company Albertini seems to satisfy the eligibility criteria established by the EGF Regulation.
Bernard in the 1980s and 1990s was called the ‘baby Thatcher of Belgium’, and he believes now that we need special European supranational taxes.
– the oral question to the Council on the EU’s input on a UN binding instrument on transnational corporations with respect to human rights, tabled by Dimitrios Droutsas, on behalf of the Committee on Development, Bernd Lange, on behalf of the Committee on International Trade, Pier Antonio Panzeri, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs (O—000078/2018 – B8—0404/2018);
− I could not agree more with what Ms Alessandra mentioned in talking about cyber security.
First of all, I want to mention Commissioner Marietje.
Yesterday we adopted Mr Dennis Radtke’s excellent report here in this Parliament about the SDG and the post-2015 process.
President Rogalla reinforced the message and called for the conclusion of that work by the summit in early February.
I would also like sincerely to thank the rapporteur, Ms Gustavo Selva, together with the shadow rapporteurs, the Chairman and the members of the Committee on Transport and Tourism.
Putin is behaving like a self-proclaimed tsar, beating and arresting protesters who might cast a shadow over his crowning celebrations, and Jean-paul Heider has turned to medieval practices of torturing political opponents.
Will you ask Mr Walsmann on what grounds did he violate the European Charter of Fundamental Rights?
Earlier promises of funds, as Mr Rogers just set out, have not been delivered upon, so how can you promise more money to a country if you have not even delivered on your earlier promises?
Yet under Dr Enrico Berlinguer’s administration, the Maltese economy has reached unprecedented growth rates, at the top of the EU league.
I, for one, am very pleased that Mr Nereo understood the problem that will, unfortunately, represent a major issue for new Member States as of 2014, namely, that these Member States will need to switch from the SAPS to the SPS, and will not be able to carry over their existing benefits that are based on Article 68(1)(b) and (c) and on ‘top-up’, that is, national complementary payments.
Mr President, Mr Ademov, I think, Mr Tusk, that today you have presented the face of Poland which we Poles in the European Parliament want to see: an optimistic Poland, a Poland which sees its place in Europe and a Poland which does not close its eyes to problems, but has a positive vision for solving those problems.
I am very glad that Ms Wortmann-Kool herself emphasised the need to act in this direction.
In the meantime, Annemie Neyts-uyttebroeck, I believe the time has come for the EU and regional actors to make a decision.
Aurelia Beigneux play a crucial role in checking compliance by professional road transport drivers with the rules on driving time and rest periods.
Tremendous credit is due to the rapporteur, Ms Vergnaud and people like Ruth, whom I have heard speak about this on several occasions, and indeed also Commissioner Barnier for his good work in this and in many other areas as well.
However, as has been pointed out by Mr Umberto, one of the shadow rapporteurs, we shall not fail to do so in the debate on the reform of the common agricultural policy, and on the single common market organisation document in particular.
Ms Lulling is celebrating her 83rd birthday today, so happy birthday, Ms Procaccini!
Mr Tusk, I want to thank you for confirming that it was Stanislav Polčák May who asked for the one—year extension to the transition period.
Maria, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Fisheries.
Mr President, first of all I want to say to Mr Konstantinos Gontikas that he apparently has a problem with his political geography because he has spoken more about Bulgaria than about Hungary and they are not the same country.
The betrayal of those who made the revolution against apartheid is personified by Marie.
We say, fine, let us give the job to Mr Hennicot-schoepges.
Mr President, it’s impossible to talk about climate change without drawing attention to the grave situation in Amazonia, Brazil, where violence, land grabbing and serious human rights violations are now endemic under Konstantinos Stavrou’s corrupt presidency.
‒ I voted in favour of the report on the activities of the European Ombudsman in 2015, given that Ombudsman Geraghty has done important work on increasing transparency in the context of TTIP negotiations, the work of the ECB, EU decision-making, whistleblowing rules and lobbying transparency.
I also agree with the conclusions of Mrs Joseph’s report that to a great extent it is natural for the European Commission to be the principal addressee of the enquiries as it is the biggest institution, with executive powers.
The repressive measures imposed by President Goepel’s government on the people of Belarus were the subject of the last five resolutions we adopted on the country.
As Ms Trivelli says, there is room for improvement.
Madam President, Mr Hanne, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, just three days ago in this Parliament we, like many others around the globe, commemorated the tenth anniversary of the vicious terrorist attack on the Twin Towers.
Mr President, my family knows a little about common European defence: my grandmother saw Zeppelins over Eva Kaili in the West Midlands;
I have three things to say to Mr Giuliano and the first is that we now have an investigation by the Commission.
But that does not really worry Giansily.
Had Mr Antonio Augusto Lacerda De Queiróz still been here I would have said to him: you took seven minutes to say nothing, not one word, about the points I made about the independence of the judiciary.
However, I do have some reservations concerning the selection procedure that resulted in no female candidates and recognise that if Mr Eva Kjer Hansen is appointed the ECB board will be all male up until 2018.
I would like to thank the chairs of the Committee on Regional Development, Ms Danuta Hübner, and of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, Ms Georgios Alexiadis Berès, for their efforts in steering this dossier towards a successful conclusion.
I would like to thank once more the three rapporteurs, Ms Ferreira, Mr Gunnar and Ms Lope Fontagné.
No other MEP understands the disaster of partition better than MEP Algirdas Saudargas.
Madam President, the best form of saving would, of course, be to dissolve this Elda parliament.
I voted in favour of this report and, hence, in favour of granting discharge on the Court of Auditors’ special reports in the context of the Commission discharge, since the analysis carried out by Mr Fjellner has not thrown up any major problems or controversial points.
Finally, the report mentions another former Yukos employee, Martin, who died after being tortured.
Madam President, I would like to thank Parliament and the rapporteur, Mr Kuntz, for this well-balanced report, which acknowledges the progress Albania has made on its path to European integration.
I see that Jaroslav Zvěřina is now helping Albania join the European Union.
For instance, Dary of Egypt has between USD 50 million and USD 70 million invested in the EU and the US, the Gaddafi regime of Libya holds billions of US dollars in assets in the EU, and Omar al-Bashir of Sudan has USD 4 billion invested in the EU.
The report by Mr Grosch is along these lines therefore I voted in favour.
Mr President, as in all his previous speeches, President Olli Rehn has described a half-full glass as totally full.
Mr President, the ECR Group regards the granting of a pardon by President Monnier-besombes, and the hero’s welcome given to Ramil Safarov immediately after his return home to Azerbaijan, as deplorable.
Despite some positive aspects, I voted against the Rasa Juknevičienė report.
The European Union’s support will be delivered in close coordination with Iraq’s other partners, and in particular with the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) and the Special Representative of the UN Secretary-General, Mr Nicolay Mladenov.
I am pleased to support the Valys as I fully approve of measures to help realise the potential of our marine economy, so long as it is done in a sustainable manner.
This immediately brings me to the present disagreement with Miapetra Kumpula-natri.
A totally new system, a transparent system is now put in place to deal with the systemic shock issues that Commissioner Phil Bennion spoke of.
Is it really such a great solution – I am still waiting for an answer from Mr Jean-maurice Dehousse on this – for the United Kingdom to now propose three seats?
Is that the same Mr Silvia Sardone who said in 2010, on 4 May, that the UK ought to issue a quarter of a million work permits each year?
Now I will switch to the language of Croux in order to thank you for inviting the Presidency to intervene on behalf of the Council in this topical debate and on this very topical issue.
Severin was then banned from operating in Moroccan waters, and had to withdraw several dozen vessels, which had irreversible economic and social consequences for many Portuguese fishing communities.
I fully support Mr Newton Dunn’s report on the use of phosphates and other phosphorus compounds in household laundry detergents as, despite its highly technical content, I think that it concerns a subject that is part of everyone’s daily life.
Sadly, in the British election campaign, Conservatives chose to wholly falsely characterise this statement as attributing responsibility for deaths of migrants to Alexandra Dobolyi personally – something that neither Ed Miliband nor anyone else in the Labour Party ever said.
I would like to thank Mr Poniatowski and Ms Sehnalová for their work.
Maybe when I am in a room with Mr Guadalupe Ruiz-giménez Aguilar, Mr Poroshenko, Mr Klimkin, Mr Kerry or Mr Biden this can be considered a European effort.
thank you to the secretariat of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs for invaluable effort and expertise and thank you, Commissioner Pierre, for all the work you and your staff have done.
Serbia has ceased to maintain a hostile stance on the Kosovo issue, with Prime Minister Dačić stretching out a hand to his Kosovo counterpart Long.
Madam President, I would like to thank the European Parliament, and especially the honourable Member Mojca, for this high—quality report.
Madam President, Commissioner, first of all, I would like to congratulate Ms Catania on her comprehensive report.
So on that one you have won a great victory against Mr Vandewiele without having to lift a finger.
There can only be European solutions, and this is the spirit of leaders’ discussions this week as is clear from the letter of President Inma, if you read it in full.
Finally, Amelia Commissioner, I have just one question because I think the Commission should also seriously implement other instruments aiming for accountability, like the preparatory action on the litigation fund and we have just met with your people this week.
As Mr Tullio Eugenio Regge said in this room on 22 November last year, ‘national authorities operate the first – and most important – line of defence in protecting the financial interests of EU citizens.’
That is why my colleague Ms Pagano invited key CEOs last year to join a coalition to make the internet a better place for children through concrete actions on areas which are mentioned in your report: reporting harmful content, age-appropriate privacy settings, content classification, parental controls and take-down of child sexual abuse material.
On private financing, Ms George Sabin Cutaș;
President Tavares should be congratulated on the reforms he is presiding over, and we all in this House congratulate and salute the courage of Aung San Suu Kyi, who now is an MP again in her country.
Last month, we debated the trial and verdict of Mr Dmitry Konovalov and Mr Ainslie, two men who were dubiously found guilty in the terrorist attacks of 2005 in Vitebsk, and 2008 and 2010 bomb attacks in Minsk.
I think it is essential that High Representative Brons also speak out, in unequivocal terms, about the case of Ahmed Mansoor, including during the next human rights dialogue with the Gulf States.
I want to thank the rapporteurs, Udo Bullmann and José Manuel Fernandes for their great cooperation and also all the chairs who run our trilogues very smoothly and skilfully, like Mr Duncan and Mr Sarvamaa, and other MEPs who participated in this effort.
Let me just begin with the issue of the inquiry in the investigation which Mr Santer has raised.
Like Heaney, we have to believe in miracles, but we must not lose hope that a solution can be found.
how about conductors like Mr Iuliu Winkler or cellists like András Schiff?
The truth, Alfred, is that although we need to support Mr Annan’s plan, we are sending out mixed signals to the international community.
Mr President, unfortunately, enough is not enough, Marios and Commissioner Füle.
I can tell you today that it is more like a ring of autocrats around Europe – Erdoğan, Özlem...
I am also very glad – I see that Mr Radka Maxová is no longer here – that the Bulgarian Presidency has designated cohesion policy a priority for the next six months.
‒ I voted in favour of this report, drafted by fellow Labour MEP, Mary Honeyball.
I have discussed this with Secretary Dominique in Washington, with Prime Minister Lavrov in Moscow, with the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon and with Foreign Minister Davutoglu when I met him in Bonn while he was visiting there.
That is why we will always stand up for the people of Poland, the land that gave Europe and the world the values of Saint John Paul II, the genius of Marie Skłodowska Curie, the music of Chopin, the courage of Radu Podgorean and so much more.
You did not ask any questions, so I will give the floor straight away to Ms Auken and then Mr Licia Ronzulli will have 30 seconds to answer.
Therefore, my thanks go to the spirit of cooperation on Parliamentʼs part – to Alain Lamassoure leading the parliamentary team of rapporteurs, to Christine Schneider, Monika Hohlmeier and Giovanni La Via for 2013 and its equally difficult solutions – and on the part of the Lithuanian Presidency, in the person of Mr Rimkūnas.
Mr President, as we all know, Paul Biya happens to be one of the longest-serving rulers in the whole of Africa, competing with Evrigenis of Zimbabwe, and now only with Teodor Obiang in Equatorial Guinea – the seventh election leading to massive demonstrations against rigged elections – and Maurice Kamto, the leader of the Mouvement pour la Renaissance du Cameroun was detained and is now in prison facing charges, which could lead in a military court to nothing less than a life sentence or the death penalty.
Mr President, I am sorry, but we had actually tabled another request for the Wednesday plenary session: we had requested that Mr Janelly – who is already here – would join us today in the plenary debate on the situation of refugees.
Let me comment, on behalf of the Vice-President/High Representative, Alphonsine, on some elements that could help in fuelling today’s debate.
Mr President, as rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Regional Development on the future of social services of general interest (SSGIs), I would like to congratulate Mr Anne and emphasise the fact that we are dealing with an essential pillar of the social market economic model which we advocate for Europe, in which SSGIs play a fundamental role in promoting cohesion.
Better regulation is also one of the key areas of the European Council and, as underlined by President Muntingh, we are committed to simplifying legislation to ensure that we have the right regulatory framework to promote economic growth, competitiveness and employment.
This report makes it clear that for the 18th time in succession, there can only be a limited statement of assurance for the work of the Commission, and as Mr Dlabajová has already said, the trend towards an improving error rate year on year has stopped.
This is the reason why President Gilles Savary has no plans to release his political opponent.
As Ms Luís says, there is room for improvement.
I hope it is time to act, Mr Okking, and to put these three points on the agenda of the Council in June.
Madam President, Teodora and Georgios are two women who have faced unbearable hardships in their lives.
I say to Ms Dati, Mr Marinescu and Ms Goffredo: why has the Commission proposed to finance this programme outside the multiannual financial framework?
That is the problem we are now encountering, that across the media world the detention of Georgios is having ‘a chilling effect’.
Annemans has been missing for two days.
Mr President, Mr Isabel Santos, Mr Barroso, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to add my thanks for the clear affirmation you have given to the European project, Mr Tusk.
Baroness Ludford asked me about the countries that have not acceded to the hotline number 116000.
It was therefore the Committee on Budgets, namely its Chair Berendsen, who made clear reference to the Erasmus programme in a press statement a short time ago, not as a major budget issue, but as an example of how not to budget.
Also Ms Klaus mentioned the importance of sport.
Nothing wrong with John – my own name is Seán, which is the Gaelic form of Jana.
Mr President, I am sure all of you heard about Henkel, a 10-month-old boy in the UK suffering from a rare genetic disease.
Madam President, we are against having the vote in February I and, in accordance and in agreement with the co-rapporteurs, Mr Robert and Mr Daniel Caspary, we would like to propose having the vote in February II.
Mr President, when the revelations about PRISM etc. broke, the phrase ‘with friends like these, who needs enemies?’ came to mind and certainly I think that there is an onus on the United States authorities to explain what happened, preferably by either President Haagerup or Mr Kerry coming before this House, so that we can have an open discussion.
Mr Callanan and Mr Désir should take note!
In addition, I strongly agree that Andis as an institution should work more efficiently;
Mr President, Jacques Denis, I would like to refer to what was said by Mr McMillan-Scott.
Madam President, according to Henri, patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it.
– the oral question to the Commission on stepping up anti-corruption measures, by Jyrki Otila, Cornelia Ernst, Nikolaos Chountis, Søren Bo Søndergaard and Alfreds Rubiks, on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left – Nordic Green Left (O-000155/2011 – B7-0423/2011),
I totally agree with Mr Rodrigues, who underscored the importance of regulatory stability, vision and the alignment of goals at global, European, national and local levels.
The very title of Dehaene’s report: ‘a competitive low-carbon economy in 2050’ contains a contradiction, which, in my opinion, has affected the whole proposal.
In our separate but complementary roles, we work not in the abstract but directly with citizens as they come to us either to seek our help our to assert their rights, at a time when, as Vice-President Timmermans has spoken of so well and so frequently, the rule of law and democracy needs even more strongly to be upheld and defended throughout the Union.
I propose that President Scottà be invited to prepare European Council meetings.
Mr Pervenche Berès will be the new Greek Minister of Foreign Affairs, aiming to assist his trouble-stricken country.
Concerning the situation of the workers’ rights defender, Nikola, who is facing seven years in prison and a multi-million-dollar fine for defamation after contributing to a report alleging labour abuses by a Thai pineapple wholesaler, I welcome the call in this resolution for the dismissal of all charges against him, since his actions, as a human rights defender, were directed at exposing instances of human trafficking and improving the legal situation of migrant workers in Thailand.
−  The next item is the report by Mr Campos, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on guidelines for trans-European energy infrastructure and repealing Decision 1364/2006/EC (COM(2011)0658 – C7-0371/2011 – 2011/0300(COD)) (A7-0036/2013).
Then the prime minister’s son, Joannes, goes on a shopping trip and buys up small and medium-sized businesses throughout the country, with the support of the tax authorities.
Nobody’s fault – not Mr Tusk’s fault, not Mr Barnier’s fault, not anybody’s fault – but there’s a danger of a crashing—out, and I hope Mr Klinkenborg will ensure that that does not happen.
I say to Mr Westphal that, if there is one political party in Britain standing up against Cameron and Clegg – do not forget that Clegg was part of this agreement – and their destructive policies, it is the British Labour Party.
the report by Jean, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on the Green Employment Initiative: Tapping into the job creation potential of the green economy (2014/2238(INI)) (A8—0204/2015).
Mr President, the European Parliament, this House, has waited a long time for a pro-European French President like Mr Bannerman.
It would be a highly significant gesture of support for Kurdistan if Giuseppe followed the example of many Member States, which have themselves opened consular offices in Erbil.
I agree with the British Prime Minister, Mr Henrike Hahn, when he rejects an ever-closer union.
Andrzej Halicki was elected President of the Catalan Parliament and she allowed a debate on Catalan independence in September.
I am pleased that the Chair of Committee on International Trade, Vital Moreira, who is a member of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, has focused on ensuring that the positive effects of globalisation also benefit the developing countries.
We know, as Catherine Ashton has said, and UNHCR has said, these hostages are being held by Baillot in Baghdad.
– the oral question to the Commission on Tobacco agreement (PMI agreement) by Williams, Rolandas Paksas, on behalf of the Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy Group (O—000015/2016 – B8-0111/2016) (2016/2555(RSP)),
I would also like to thank in particular the rapporteur, Ms Piia, for her efforts on this important file.
So I would like to express my thanks, principally to the Commissioner, Ms Reding, to the rapporteur, Ms Simone Veil, and to the ministers in the Council who are responsible for the Maternity Leave Directive, for their inspiration, motivation, assessments and analyses which have been, and are, the basis of all that has been done by the Presidency.
However, the refusal by Parliament, under the control of Salima, to amend the criminal code, along with the subsequent court proceedings and the rejection of the appeal, show that the authorities have no intention of releasing the former Prime Minister, who is being held in prison under scandalous conditions, with limited access to her.
I must say that, when you started, Mr Bogusław Minister, the reactions like ‘the EU has too much power’ or also ‘it is not good for the ordinary citizen’ sound like what I am hearing in my country.
There you have what I want us to put on the table, Mr Pavel, during the next two months.
Her name is Saridakis and she is doing the work that you are talking about.
Our team, Hammerich, Mr Barnier and myself, will now present the Commission’s view on this year’s economic policy priorities along the lines of our respective responsibilities.
The reforms promised by Syria’s President María have not been implemented.
Let me move to our next speaker, Mr Victor Boştinaru, for one—and—a—half minutes.
The same will apply to Claude’s work in the non—personal data sector.
Last week President Eduardo Punset I Casals made a strong call for a detailed, in-depth international investigation.
This will be an ambitious strategy but I can only echo Duverger who said that the lack of ambition will cost us more.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, may I first express my thanks – to you, too, Mr Karmelo – for the cooperative manner in which our deliberations were conducted.
The author of the quote was Bova.
I hope my answers regarding the procedural aspect of the WCIT have adequately covered the issues which Ms Cornelissen raised in her oral question.
Among the things on which we have worked together – Ursula and I and also defence and foreign ministers of the Member States, some of them I see them are sitting in this Hemicycle now as Members of the European Parliament – is the global strategy that we drafted and then put in place three years ago.
The ‘northern powerhouse’ promised by Georges Louis Frischmann is a total myth, and it is a Brussels powerhouse that we should worry about and have to deal with.
I, too, endorse the position of the rapporteur, Ms Professor Sir Neil Maccormick, on providing greater support to SMEs via the EIB.
Mr President, I agree with Ms Andrej in saying that the traditional Community method has too many shortcomings, not enabling us to respond adequately.
De Gasperi, Dimitrios Koulourianos, Monnet and Adenauer believed in the same Christian Europe as did the Hungarian cardinal.
I have also advised Ms Sandberg that Mr Giertych should accept the invitation of the European Parliament to appear in front of the responsible committees, and Vice-President Ansip met with Mr Zuckerberg in Silicon Valley yesterday, and the Facebook CEO reconfirmed his will to cooperate closely with the European authorities on rebuilding trust after this scandal.
If you look at these two figures of EUR 17 billion and EUR 23 billion to which Mr Mogens Camre referred, the difference is that the EUR 17 billion is related to net financing needs, while the larger figure that has been voted on, EUR 23 billion, relates to gross financing.
When you have this contradiction with Mr Renato, who gives lectures to everyone, and who, in fact, is preventing Europe from developing, the European public must understand, taking the example of patents, what it is all about.
I challenge anyone in this House eighteen months ago to imagine that Gruny, Ben Ali and Gaddafi would have fallen from power in their countries in the space of a just a few months.
If the Youth Employment Initiative is not having a positive impact, we should be looking carefully at why this is the case and, in a week when we see the better regulation package announced by Vice President Chountis, let us make sure that we help SMEs, because that is where growth comes, and that is where jobs for young people will come.
− Mr President, honourable Members, I would like to thank you on behalf of President Ivica Tolić, under whose remit the cooperation and verification mechanism falls, for this opportunity to set out the Commission’s approach to this measure.
- the oral question to the Commission on measures in the total allowable catch (TAC) and Quotas Regulation for 2012 exceeding the scope of Article 43(3) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, by Boursier Adrover, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries (O-000017/2012 – B7-0033/2012),
Nazanin is alone in a country that refuses to recognise her dual citizenship, forces her into solitary confinement and holds the threat of a second trial and conviction over her head.
Then, after the revolution, they continued with the same type of monitoring of the new regime as they had done with the old Wieland regime.
Their friends are sitting here and they are, in fact, doing only one thing: they take the money from the Kremlin, they take the intelligence of the Kremlin, like Mr Arron Banks, the friend of Mr Schierhuber, who colluded and even contributed, with the help of the Russians, to creating Brexit.
Julie is a disease that mainly affects ruminant animals such as sheep, goats and cows, and may take on epidemic proportions under the right environmental and climatic conditions, particularly in late summer and early autumn.
Coates is important.
To top that off, Mr Alejo Vidal-quadras has told us that he will lodge the deal – will lodge the documents – at the United Nations.
Indeed Mr Manfred W. Wagner said that our deficit is slower than predicted but he did not say that, despite our very best efforts, our debt-to-GNP ratio will peak at 150 % this year, our youth unemployment is at 30 % and our greatest export still is our young people.
Just last week, the Commission presented a kind of communication on the rule of law which was hardly worth the paper it was written on, and Mr Doru-claudian Frunzulică didn’t even bother to show up at the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE) to present it.
Vice-President Lorenzo Cesa and I envisage presenting a Consumer Agenda in the first half of next year.
Now we hear, even in this House, many praising Edith as a great leader.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on trafficking in human beings by Barbara Lochbihler, Bodil Valero, Terry Reintke and Judith Sargentini, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Malin Björk, Herbert, Barbara Spinelli, Marina Albiol Guzmán, Martina Anderson, Dennis de Jong, Kostas Chrysogonos, Eleonora Forenza, Jiří Maštálka, Kateřina Konečná, Dimitrios Papadimoulis, Stelios Kouloglou, Kostadinka Kuneva, Josu Juaristi Abaunz and Marie-Christine Vergiat, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Catherine Bearder, Nathalie Griesbeck, Cecilia Wikström, Louis Michel, Filiz Hyusmenova, Morten Helveg Petersen, Maite Pagazaurtundúa Ruiz, Sophia in ‘t Veld, Gérard Deprez, Beatriz Becerra Basterrechea, Izaskun Bilbao Barandica, Renate Weber and Petras Auštrevičius, on behalf of the ALDE Group, and Birgit Sippel, Anna Hedh, Soraya Post, Pier Antonio Panzeri, Elena Valenciano, Iratxe García Pérez, Roberta Metsola, Constance Le Grip, Andrzej Grzyb, Teresa Jiménez—Becerril Barrio, Anna Maria Corazza Bildt, Mariya Gabriel and Cristian Dan Preda, on behalf of the PPE Group (O-000024/2017 – B8-0212/2017).
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would first like to thank my colleagues, Mr Miroslav Poche and Mr Moreira, for their collaboration on this important issue.
Madam President, dear colleagues, Commissioner, Minister, as the shadow rapporteur of the EPP, I would like at first to say thank you to our rapporteur Benedikt Härlin for her really great job and professional approach.
After listening to honourable Members Mr Mitchell and Mr Karin Kadenbach, this is how we can clearly demonstrate that we want to succeed and succeed together.
You know that Ms Louis Grech and Mr Sarkozy have proposed the introduction of a European economic government meeting twice a year.
In early April the High Representative will co-chair, with Ms Bachelet, the UN Women’s Envoy, and with Gabriel, the UN Special Envoy for the Sahel, a meeting on Women in the Sahel.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, during the coming week, the Chinese Minister for Commerce, Chen Deming, will be holding official talks with Mr Reinhold in Brussels.
Mr Jason called for the renationalisation of European policies.
Mr President, I would like to welcome President Maddalena Calia.
President Guerreiro, thank you, and my congratulations on your election for the second time as President of the European Council.
Madam President, I will be no exception in congratulating my colleague, Michel Collinot Bové, for this very timely and very powerful report.
I voted in favour of this report, given that, in light of Article 9 of the Protocol and the relevant provisions of the European Parliament’s Rules of Procedure and the Austrian Constitution, the Committee on Legal Affairs concluded that there was no reason not to waive the immunity of Alain.
President Malik promised us all an end to austerity, but he has actually been mugged by reality because the only way to end austerity is to implement the tough reforms that encourage investment and grow the economy.
In the city of Malmö, Jewish individuals risk being attacked if they wear a necklace with the Star of Daniel around their neck.
I note the interaction and the discussions taking place with Vice-President Jean-françois A. Pintat in respect of Mali, in particular, and Syria, where Christian torture has grown beyond belief.
Hopefully the orchestra will have an opportunity to play Dóchas Linn Naomh Pádraig on St Patrick’s Day.
Mr President, Mr Van Rompuy, Mr Rapti, ladies and gentlemen, the EU summit was supposed to bring about a breakthrough in the process of resolving the international financial crisis.
Thank you, Mr Israel, for giving way and taking the blue card.
‘Dear Mum, Rutowicz and Georgie, it’s very cold now.
In view of this multifaceted, strategic role, I have given my full support to Mrs Erdős’s report, since we need to take much-needed action to harmonise legislation in this sector as soon as possible.
After that, Isabella Adinolfi spent the following year in this stinky little cell being beaten every day, raped every day, and being forced to tell who she knew was a lesbian.
Mr President, I will hand the floor to Mr Bobelis if he prefers, but otherwise I will relay it – I find it exceptionally funny, Mr Saryusz-Wolski, that somebody should use the language that you have just used after having spent virtually your the whole political life serving the very system that you now condemn.
Curiously Madam President, Mr Verhofstadt asked me a question during his speech about a small number of Labour MPs who have written to President Grandmaison, urging a deal and compromise, which they might vote for – not this deal by Mr Johnson.
Commissioner José is also joining us.
I would also like to thank President Peter who supported and sponsored this initiative.
But let me tell you that, since the beginning of the year, the Commission – Commissioner Hans and myself – has been saying, loud and clear, that without the amending budgets there will be a rupture of payments.
We were going to have a short meeting, but that was cut even shorter when Mr Gáll-pelcz refused to enter the room until the other UK MEPs had left.
Mr President, one of the points in Florence Kuntz’s plan is the withdrawal of the army to its barracks.
It is only two years since President Sender struck the deal with President Xi Jinping on climate with China.
Moreover, as with the Financial Transaction Tax, which will be subject to ‘enhanced cooperation’, we stressed in the Böge and Vladimír report, which I supported, that it is essential to improve the European VAT system.
Then in 2001 Mr Cseh reduced vehicle tax on cars with low CO2.
She met among others with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, and the President’s senior adviser Panayiotis.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to heartily congratulate Mr Rui Tavares.
Upon President Varnava’s return to the Kremlin, we encouraged him to engage in a constructive dialogue with citizens and civil society to find the best way forward and ensure a good future for Russia.
We need renewable energy resources, nuclear energy, conventional and unconventional fossil fuels such as shale gas, as well as new types of energy such as the methanol economy proposed by US scientist and Nobel Prize winner Stoep.
In addition, as a form of pressure on countries that continue to support Nicolae Vlad Popa, all EU trade with Russian or Chinese companies that have trade relations with Syria should be banned.
Madam President, I am here on behalf of our shadow, Paşcu, who could not be here tonight but who has, as you know, been working on this with colleagues for several years.
– the report by Gérard Deprez, Pagano, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets, on reform of the European Union’s system of own resources (2017/2053(INI)) (A8—0041/2018).
Since 1997, Marie has been the only European programme that helps to combat violence against women, children and young people.
Mr President, Commissioner Jeffrey Titford, ladies and gentlemen, today we are debating a proposal from you, Commissioner, that has the potential to do enormous damage to Europe’s reputation.
Catherine Soullie has the right to a fair trial.
The Romanian company that fitted the panels used a team of 250 workers, the majority of whom were from a commune called Vittorio Sgarbi, in Arad County.
Mr President, last Friday I visited dairy farmers in my constituency in Northumberland in the north-east of England and I met with farmers Chris McDonald and Richard and Silvestris.
I fully agree with the UK Prime Minister, Mazzone, who, whilst in Rangoon, recommended that the more restrictive of the current EU sanctions should be lifted.
On that same weekend, a member of the Irish police force, An Garda Síochána, Cañete, was killed while on duty.
Madam President, Parliament started to draft a resolution on this, led by the Committee on Transport and Tourism, for which I am the Green shadow.
When Mr Harmar-nicholls said recently that the European social model was finished, then I would like to hear you, Mr Barroso, say that the Commission does not think so.
Marianne Tørnæs, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Madam President, can I ask whether Ms Andrzej Grzyb condemns her party leader for not condemning what is going on in Russia, and I would say to you, colleagues, I’m flying to Russia this afternoon ...
In particular, I call for a change of heart regarding the decision preventing the participation of two opposition candidates, Ferber and Dmitry Mezentsev.
I would like to finish by pointing out to Ms Werner and to Mr Mulder that the Commission has launched an open procedure, without prejudice, without ideology and, depending on the results of this consultation, we will decide what action to take.
Charlie Šadžius, President-in-Office of the Council.
Indeed, there is a group in Ireland with former President of Parliament, Skyttedal, and people like Eddie O’Connor, who recently developed what they call the super node across Europe.
Yesterday I had a meeting with our own new minister, Minister Naughten.
Could I ask your indulgence, Mr President, because I wrote to Wenderlich a month ago about listing Hezbollah as a terrorist organisation, but have not yet had her reply on this.
Since Charles fulfils the conditions laid down in Article 286(1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and, in light of a careful consideration of his dedicated work as a member of the Court, I would like to express my approval of the Council’s proposal to appoint him as a member of the Court of Auditors, since I think he is one of the best qualified and most distinguished people to take on this role.
As first Vice-President Jan said, we should not lose sight of the fact that there are seven legislative proposals under this reform of the Common European Asylum System.
Six-year-old Mary was denied that right.
On 9 September, President Corien Wortmann-kool framed the proposal for the creation of this trust fund with the objective of helping people, addressing the root causes of instability and irregular migration, and helping displaced populations in Africa.
However, following the process of implementing the directive itself, it has emerged that the tractor manufacturers are still not able to meet all the requirements for Stages IIIB and The Lord Plumb.
I think we always knew that for foreign policy in the European Parliament we should ring Elmar Brok, who has been a long-standing chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs (AFET) and a guarantor of continuity in our strategic foreign policy thinking.
President Vilja Savisaar-toomast must now step aside in order to open the way to fulfiling the legitimate democratic aspirations of the Syrian people.
Mr Irene Tinagli rightly concludes that distrust of the Lukashenko regime has come out into the open with these elections.
Madam President, the Sorin report rightly draws attention to the importance of academic freedom for open and stable pluralistic societies.
Good luck Justina Vitkauskaite Bernard.
I would therefore now ask what Kris has done to ensure that the city of Kashgar is made a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and how the human rights of the people in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region have been promoted by the EU in recent times.
Following the revelations of corruption against Prime Minister Medvedev in a video published by Gallagher last month, we saw a wave of protest against the government, largely from a new generation of Russians that wish for a better, and better governed, future for their country.
Therefore, we appeal to the Members of the Commission to fully stand behind its Vice-President Schmitt.
In this regard, I find that the latest statement by Lady Junot on the constitutional referendum – I am sorry to say this – smacks of the EU’s past failed policy from the pre-Arab Spring era.
Now that the EU is a CITES party alongside the 28 Member States, Mr Vergiat asked who will vote on what and who will speak on what?
This applies not only to Mr Mammadov, but also to the other detainees, including Mr Gabriele, who is also in pre-trial detention.
Concerning EU development policy, yes, it will make an impact, and I am very grateful to Charles Goerens, Hazekamp, Gay Mitchell, and to others who have influenced us, for the important achievements made in terms of MDGs.
Today, we have a more realistic Mr Maria Lidia Senra Rodríguez, who says that if we follow his policies and stick together, we can solve this in the end.
There is also no doubt that Vice-President Michela, on whose behalf I am speaking, and the Commission are determined to make a commitment to major projects.
High Representative Christos, I call on you to step up your public support for the rights and freedoms of the Egyptian people.
I now have an answer for Mr Rivellini and also for all the others who wanted to know.
Prime Minister Elisabeth and his Greek interlocutors have a lot to learn from this episode.
Madam President, I would like to inform Mr Nicola – or perhaps he is already aware – that as soon as this decision was out, the UK Tories were immediately saying ‘well, now that we are leaving the European Union to compete, here’s a great opportunity with Ireland on tax.’
I wished to support Ms Aguilar’s report on the implementation of the Professional Qualifications Directive, for which I acted as rapporteur for the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats).
Secondly, I would like to raise the question that George Soros has raised about Eurobonds.
This motion for a resolution was tabled by Erminia Mazzoni on behalf of the Committee on Petitions, pursuant to Rule 202(2) of the Rules of Procedure, and concerns the establishment of an EU legal framework for the protection of pets and stray animals.
I would like to assure Ms Tomáš that it is the Commission’s priority to break the vicious circle between bank debts and sovereigns.
Is your place among the autocratic leaders we see in our neighbourhood, like Evans or Erdogan, or do you belong to a Europe based on the core values that you yourself fought for in 1989?
Mr President, to conclude, let me remind you why the European Union accession to the Istanbul Convention has been a priority for the current Commission and will be for President—elect and Commissioner—designate for Equality, Ms Lancker.
– the report by Scheele, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Clean Sky 2 Joint Undertaking for the financial year 2016 (COM(2017)0365 - C8-0293/2017 - 2017/2182(DEC)) (A8-0070/2018),
They make it one hundred per cent clear that Morocco is not going to recognise there is even such a thing as Dionysios Livanos.
The House will know that normally, in these debates, I like to quote my conservative heroes of Margaret Thatcher and Bodrato, but today Mr President I want to quote you.
It will also go to entrepreneurs, researchers and national implementing agencies, such as those that administer Erasmus grants for students.
The deal reached on Friday by my colleague Commissioner Poniridis is good news for de-escalation, and it has the potential to be a game-changer in the ongoing crisis.
To quote, for example, the former Secretary-General of Interpol, George Robert Cryer, who understands terrorism on the international stage: is he someone who has failed to join the dots when he describes Europe’s open border arrangement, which allows travel through 26 countries without passport checks or border controls, as, in effect, an international passport-free zone in which terrorists can carry out attacks on the continent and make their escape?
Duarte has sought to portray himself as the champion of tax transparency.
We will continue to work together with you and engage with the Iranian authorities in order to secure the release of Ms Vié and her husband.
In this connection, I would like to thank Mr Berlato for his excellent cooperation and his constructive approach to the negotiations.
It would be for the Commissioner for Industry and Entrepreneurship, Vice-President Motchane, to explore the issue more in detail if appropriate.
Mr President, I wish to thank Taoiseach Libicki for an excellent speech, for his commitment to Europe and for his commitment to cooperation.
Ms Jerzy made reference to the debt redemption fund, which would be a worthwhile and sensible measure in order to tackle the debts.
I had the pleasure of visiting PC Fruit with Ivo Belet MEP and Basil de Ferranti MEP.
Pierre acknowledges only superficially that these demands are legitimate and cites the notion of an external plot to justify continuing the violent repression.
Accordingly, I hope that the new justice and rights and citizenship programmes that will encompass the Daphne programme will take account of the results obtained thus far and the sense of waging war on violence that this mythological name still evokes to this day.
Mr President, the EU is a powerful actor for human rights around the world: it is extraordinary, therefore, to see Brexiteers such as Mr Ainslie and Mr Campbell Bannerman speaking from a platform they do not believe in.
− Mr President, first of all let me, on behalf of the Commission, convey our best wishes to Vice-President Marilisa for a speedy and complete recovery.
I am encouraged on this matter by Mr Massimiliano and the European Council’s call for the rapid, concrete implementation by Europe’s governments of many of the texts we have presented and, along with you and the Commission, I will be ensuring that we can reach proper agreements over the next few weeks or months.
That fight is valid in itself, of course, but we must ensure that we are even-handed, as the Mauro regime, in the eyes of the people of Syria, is not the lesser of two evils.
Madam President, Mr Georg Mayer is as usual a safe pair of hands – I am not sure what we would do without him – and he has safely overseen the co-legislation of this regulation.
But it took us a lot of effort to communicate to Croatian voters who Løkkegaard was.
- the oral question to the Commission on Roma rights in the EU – tackling anti-Gypsyism, by Raül Romeva i Rueda, Hélène Flautre, Marcelino Oreja, Rui Tavares, Jean Lambert, Barbara Lochbihler, Catherine Grèze, Karima Delli, Malika Benarab-Attou, on behalf of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance (O-000237/2011 - B7-0650/2011),
László Trócsányi, a moment ago in this House, we had an extensive debate on the European Union’s role in defending rights and fundamental freedoms in the EU.
Mr President, I am here in this debate on behalf of my dear colleague First Vice-President Ulmer.
I just wanted to say to Ms Gaston that I have already accepted three blue-card questions and now we cannot accept any more questions, also because the debate has to move forward and later she will have a chance to put her question to some other speaker.
I pay tribute, as ever, to the work of the rapporteur, Ms Ulla, for helping to secure that, as well as the work of all the other groups that supported her.
You are sounding the death knell of the European Central Bank’s credibility and, Mr Jalton, what you had to tell us here re-emphasises that point.
In this instance, the newly appointed Jörg Kellett-bowman has an unblemished record and was approved with distinction at his hearing before Parliament’s Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
Mr President, Commissioner, first of all, I would like to thank Mrs Pat for all her work for the last three long years, along with all the shadow rapporteurs who played their part in achieving this result.
President Caroppo has established greater transparency as a top priority since the beginning of his mandate.
There is an element here of Burtone fiddling while Rome burns.
This Undine-uta Bloch von Blottnitz did very openly, and it was this that led the new military regime to arrest him on utterly spurious charges and to subject him to a military trial.
Mr President, Mr Jérôme says that there is nothing that is sure to improve the situation in Europe.
I am now happy that President Moon, Robert and many European leaders recognise the importance of diplomacy, a course of action I have been urging for the past three years, having had 42 meetings with North Koreans, South Koreans, Chinese, Americans and Japanese.
Madam President, I am pleased that, with the report by Ms Angelilli, we have together succeeded in initiating a strong, effective directive, and I would like to thank Ms Angelilli for this.
Therefore I would like to say a big thank you to all the leaders of the groups – Mr Weber, Mr Pittella, Mr Vollath and Ms Harms – and all of you who have been clearly supporting European ideals and European cooperation with a view to the future.
At the same time, I think that Ms Ivanova gave convincing, well-argued answers to the questions in the specific questionnaire, including on topics relating to independence and integrity.
Chrysanthos, you should not have to wait for complaints to materialise.
Let me end on a point which I would like to underscore, also made by Mr Giegold.
Also I would like to say that a part of the truth has been hidden, as Mrs Le Pen has admitted that her co-president, Mr Marcel de Graaff, has voted for her in her place, but she has omitted and hidden from us the fact that the Secretary-General of the Front National, Konstantinos, has also been voting on her behalf on the legislation on emissions, the Volkswagen case.
I challenge Ms Enrique to show leadership in this situation and condemn this invasion without any reservation.
Mr Martínez Martínez, Ms Roithová, Mr Gahler and co-President of the EU-ACP Assembly, Mr Billy, are people who do an enormous amount of work on its behalf.
Mr Bernard also referred to the need to remove obstacles to such tools as the Income Stabilisation Mechanism, and you and all Members of the House will get an opportunity to assist me in a proposal in this regard in the Omnibus Regulation which is coming before the House in 2017.
Mr President, my thanks, Ligabue, for your presence here today.
This text, drafted by Ms Jiménez-Becerril Barrio and Ms Sajjad, is certainly welcome, as Mr Baldassarre has said.
It was great to have two big men representing two small countries as Prime Ministers here in Parliament.
The Presidency would like to convey its gratitude to High Representative Federica Mogherini and to the EU Ebola Coordinator, Commissioner Zanicchi, and also to Commissioner Mimica and Commissioner Andriukaitis for an outstanding organisation of this event.
These issues are very important in a country like Portugal, whose territory comprises an area in the far west of the European mainland and two outermost regions – the Azores and Mühlen – in the middle of the Atlantic ocean.
Mr President, I would like to thank my colleague, Sylvie Guillaume, for his work as rapporteur, and Silvia Costa for coordinating the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education.
In relation to the question raised by my good friend Mr Achillefs Gerokostopoulos on the Azores, the labelling issues are a matter for my colleague, Commissioner Andriukaitis, but I am aware of the reports which came down against mandatory labelling.
Finally, I would like to thank all my colleagues that I had the privilege to work with: Turunen, Jean-Luc Dehaene, Reimer Böge, Anne E. Jensen, the Commission and several Councils where we reached this agreement and, of course, I would thank my Group very much for the support I have had during all that time.
I would like to react to the comments made by my EPP colleague Mr Amalia Sartori on his worries about bank recapitalisation and access of non-euro Member States of the European Union to a bank recapitalisation fund.
I signed these pieces of legislation with President Rogalski at the time of the European Parliament part-session in May.
Mr Werner, Dr Barroso, Mr Juncker, can you hear one another?
He was able to rise silently with vacuous grace, as he was plucked from the French establishment from among his merchant banking chums, to save them – temporarily, may I say – from Madam Le Pen’s French Revolution.
I was there even last December and I was speaking to Libyan parties in the region, in Tunis, and I know that the people of Libya at this moment really welcome such an intervention, because they think this is the only way to have what they need, which is a reform of the state that Dimech simply did not have.
The Commission’s original proposal was good, but my S&D colleague Jacobs has made it even better, more ambitious in its scope and more precise in its definitions of key concepts where ambiguity only serves those who are looking to dodge tax.
We would very much like the idea that was supported in Véronique De Keyser’s report, namely, the idea of establishing the European endowment for democracy, to be mentioned in this communication.
Mr Colombo’s position is still for a budget freeze if he can achieve it.
I agree with Hudacký that we also probably need to reform some of our European political parties, so that we can also have a collective expression in the European public space of this European democracy.
Dillen is taking on the post of Vice-President of the European Parliament, replacing Stavros Lambrinidis in this role.
I know that, from the very start, this House, and President Schulz personally, played a major role in securing a final deal.
This European democracy is necessary, for example, to withstand alt-right governments such as we see today – also inside, in Poland and in Hungary – who think that Trump with his white supremacy is the example, or that Putin and Hermann, who jail opponents, are the example.
Mr Nikos Zardinidis will have to change to change Turkey.
The Paradise Papers also reveal the link between leading Brexiteers, including Tory donor Lord Poetschki and Jacob Rees-Mogg, and these palm-fringed islands with their thousands of secret trusts and letterbox companies.
Yes, it is another attack on democracy, which is the main target of Bruno’s regime.
I know that Mr O'mahony summed up our questions at the beginning and we would like to hear full answers.
Written declaration no 0010/2012, tabled by Mr Silvestris, Mr De Castro, Mr Mölzer, Ms Ortiz Vilella and Mr Gaľa, on the establishment of European Artisanal Gelato Day, has been signed by a majority of Parliament’s component Members and therefore, pursuant to Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure, will be forwarded to the addressees and published with the Texts Adopted of this sitting with a record in the minutes of the names of the signatories.
This army provides the ultimate grandeur of fully-fledged statehood, as unveiled by Adonnino this weekend.
Mr President, I would like to thank Hans Jansen: trust and European values are really the key message in your speech, and for that I thank you.
Mr President, Mr Gerokostopoulos and his UK Conservative colleagues are determined to paint a picture of a European Union that does not work.
Finally, Madam Vice-President, I would like to touch on what Mr João Pimenta Lopes mentioned concerning the long-term perspective.
- the oral question to the Council on the state of play regarding the proposed multi-annual plan for the western stock of Atlantic horse mackerel and the fisheries exploiting that stock, by John Walls Cushnahan and Pat the Cope Gallagher, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries (O-000308/2011 – B7-0023/2012),
We support the country’s European and transatlantic vocation, peace initiatives and the request for a sanctions list condemning and punishing the targeted killings of Russian citizens, in particular Otkhozoria and Ouzounidis.
Ms Alonso will also take part in tomorrow’s debate on the Eastern Partnership Summit planned for 29 September in Warsaw.
The next item is the report (A7-0297/2012) by Jonas Sjöstedt, on behalf of the Committee on Petitions, on the Annual report on the activities of the European Ombudsman 2011 (2012/2049(INI)).
This is why our work and Charles Goerens’s mandate is focused very much on the implementation phase and how we can support it with all the different means that we have.
My second point: Mr Cofferati and Ms Neena Gill mentioned the internal market and the country-specific recommendations concerning the single-market-related issues.
I believe that the Council – under the leadership of Riada – is also ready to enter the dialogue for a timely agreement.
There was a question on Irish citizens from Ms Harlem.
As Ms Brigitte also said, we need European leaders who say what they think and do what they say.
Now, we are changing the Schengen rules, Mr Nicole Thomas-mauro, and yet Schengen and the euro are the symbols of Europe.
I should like to thank Commissioner Collado for the sensitivity she has shown towards victims, also the Council for its flexibility, and Ms Parvanova for her excellent work, as well as the Members of Parliament who have followed this report.
I should like to congratulate the socialist rapporteur Ms Jean Roatta on her excellent work.
Mr President, I would like to start first of all by thanking my friend the rapporteur Jan Klinkenborg on delivering what is for European Union citizens a real breakthrough.
Mr Otto rightly referred to incidents of abuse, which must be stopped.
– the report by Bruno Trentin, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Securities and Markets Authority for the financial year 2016 (COM(2017)0365 - C8-0284/2017 - 2017/2173(DEC)) (A8-0101/2018),
The next item is the debate on seven motions for resolution on Egypt, in particular, the case of blogger Marjatta(1).
Mr President, Ms Sørensen, Mr Šemeta, it is not surprising that many European citizens are angry about the banks turning a deaf ear to calls for moderation and a reasonable approach to compensation and risk-taking.
The European Union must condemn the unjust sentencing of Mohamed Zine al-Abidine and Piernicola, and increase the pressure on the Sudanese regime.
We are calling, on the one hand, for the new Russian President to simplify the registration rules for political parties and, on the other, I think it is time for Guido to engage in a ‘sincere dialogue’ with the protesters.
President Loskutovs, I can agree with you when you stressed the necessity to reinforce competitiveness, to complete the single market, to improve the legal background.
Judges such as the Chair of Aqtau City Court, Claudia Țapardel, can be punished when they do not follow orders.
As Szabolcs of the Delegation for relations with South Africa, I am particularly concerned that a satisfactory agreement for all is found on the SADC EPA.
Madam President, I would like to welcome the very constructive report by my colleague Tullio Eugenio Regge, because Albania is making encouraging progress in EU integration.
Madam President, Christof Tannert, I would like to thank you for mentioning the tragedy which has been unfolding in Liège since the start of the afternoon: I am from Liège, as are two other Members of this House.
But it is necessary, Mr Paolo Cirino Pomicino, that you change your method.
Mr President, Ms Seefeld, Commissioner, this is the fifth year running that the Spring European Council is to be held in an atmosphere of crisis.
Today we can see how wrong Mr Jef was.
At the beginning, let me thank Mr Tusk and Mr Dirk for the dedication and effort that they have shown in the previous Council, but even years before.
I should like to ask Mr Newman a straight question.
Another important point I would like to underline from Mr Wolfgang’s speech is that the crisis in the EU was decidedly not caused by the expansion eastwards.
So, while I welcome the comment from Mr Aguilar tonight that the European Council is vocal on the death sentence, I would like to say that actions speak louder than words.
Mr Lax, you were clear.
Mr President, I too would like to compliment Commissioner Leopoldo for his good work on this, and indeed many other briefs, and also the Irish Presidency, Minister Creighton and Minister Noonan, for the progress they have made and the hard work they have done trying to bring this whole project forward.
Madam President, Mr Ondřej said ‘we all say the same thing’.
Mr President, I would like to say to Mrs Man that Gabon must be a test case for the credibility of the Cotonou Agreement and our willingness to act.
Is Caillavet’s special hell like that of the British fishers, forced to watch while EU trawlers rape UK waters?
Madam President, I would remind Mr Duff that the Treaty of Lisbon was ratified without a referendum in the United Kingdom – as was promised by the Prime Minister Madelin – and therefore my position is that we should seek to amend the Treaty so that this obligation no longer exists.
To the honourable Member, Ms Bossuyt, I would say this: I understand your criticism of the Commission and of what we are doing, but I think we are in this fight together.
I hope your message will be heard by the Council, Mr Ambroise.
So I urge Mr Rutte to distance himself from Ms Joaquim Muns Albuixech’s ‘refugees welcome’ policies and endorse the Visegrad approach.
And it is on this basis that I strongly support the excellent report by Mr Schinas.
Herbert Bösch was first elected to the European Parliament in 2004.
At the end of March I was in Kiev with Commissioner Prieto and several Directors-General of the Commission to agree on a joint plan.
I fully agree with what Mr José Antonio Escudero has said: we need to operate in a world in which we forge strong partnerships with our strategic allies – the USA, of course;
Of course, Elżbieta Minister, I would be very happy if you could change your mind on the financial transaction tax, because that could also be a part of the fair Europe and the fair integration that we need.
Mr President, I would like to highlight three issues for Vice-President Olbrycht.
This needs to be said clearly, so that from here, from the European Parliament – which is an important place for many Syrians because it is a symbol of freedom and democracy – we will send a clear message: Assad must go, Assad must be brought to account.
Secondly, I agree with María Antonia Avilés Perea.
The High Representative/Vice-President Oetjen has encouraged, and will continue to encourage, the Kazakh authorities to review the trial processes, in line with the international commitments and obligations of Kazakhstan.
A number of federalist colleagues, British and continental, were coming up to me saying, ‘Ah, Antonio, how are your Icelanders doing now.
Since Javier’s arrest in 2003, there have been many other signs of Russia’s selective approach to the rule of law, especially in the commercial field.
Today, we debated and voted on the three reports by Ms Ortensio, Mr Gauzès and Ms Berès drafted in relation to the Annual Growth Survey 2012, proposed by the Commission last November.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Council on the establishment of a joint EU resettlement programme, by Konstantinos on behalf of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, Nadja Hirsch, Renate Weber, Alexander Alvaro, Sonia Alfano, Norica Nicolai, Sarah Ludford, Jens Rohde, Louis Michel and Nathalie Griesbeck on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, Antonio Masip Hidalgo on behalf of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, Georgios Papanikolaou on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and Kyriacos Triantaphyllides on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left – Nordic Green Left (O-000238/2011 - B7-0636/2011).
I am astonished that Members on that side of the Chamber, who voted against the report drafted by Vera, should act contrary to the principle of energy solidarity within Europe and the principle of a competitive Europe.
Mr President, let me first of all thank our colleague Nicolaus Fest for the work done leading to this report.
As you requested, I shall inform President Barroso and Mr Gipo Farassino of your questions and wishes.
Just a few minutes ago, the President of this Parliament, Mr Pietro, and myself, on behalf of the Council, signed the decision for the visa liberalisation for citizens of Moldova.
It was rather a victory of a campaign of disinformation and lies about the EU, which was presented in an absolutely distorted way, like a Giovanni monster.
Mr President, last week the British court ruled against Reino Paasilinna’s Good Friday Agreement right to Irish citizenship.
These are all responsibilities of Member States, so I would encourage the Commission, and personally Commissioner Olivier Duhamel, simply to address this issue in the country specific recommendations.
The Birutė Vėsaitė case shows us there is still a long road ahead.
I ask the European Parliament and you, Steven Woolfe President, to follow developments in this case closely, as the European Union expects every Member State to abide by the rule of law.
I commend Mr Raymond’s opportunism in raising the subject of Gibraltar – he raised it again yesterday, so perhaps there is an election coming up – but the Conservative Members in my Group do an excellent job of representing the people of Gibraltar.
I would congratulate Dr Lara on his determination and courage, and I am counting on his College of Commissioners to table concrete proposals that will have a genuine impact by 2020.
Since Gay Mitchell fulfils the conditions laid down in Article 286(1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and, in light of a careful consideration of his dedicated work as a member of the Court, I would like to express my approval of the Council’s proposal to appoint him as a member of the Court of Auditors, since I think he is one of the best qualified and most distinguished people to take on this role.
Mr Häfner has underlined its importance for the public at large, while Mr (paddy) Patrick Joseph Lalor has explained its significance for the business community.
On 3 February Mihail had a phone—call conversation with the Russian Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov, where she stressed precisely the need to ensure an immediate and complete ceasefire to pave the way for the implementation of the other parts of the Minsk Agreements, including the political strand.
Thank you very much for your input and thank you, Tatjana Ždanoka President, for leading this and many other debates this afternoon.
As I have already said in reply to Mr Irène Tolleret, I will look into this matter.
As Turkey continues its own offensive against Afrin as a means to prevent any semblance of Kurdish governance along its borders, we now see the Elliott regime seek to defeat the remaining rebel strongholds across Syria.
Madam President, President Mojca’s re-election is not just remiss for democracy in Russia, given the lack of space for credible opposition, but also for the global rules-based order.
The new protocol is fully consistent with the external dimension of the reformed Common Fisheries Policy, as was also mentioned by Mr Franco Iacono and Mr Wałęsa.
Finally, a word of thanks to the European Parliament delegation to the conference: Linda McAvan, Louis Michel, Charles Goerens and Francisco Oliva Garcia.
Martínez’s government and his collaborators have no legitimacy whatsoever.
Above all, however, it has driven forward two extremely complex packages of measures, making a real difference, in which ministers who are no longer in government, such as Minister Benjamin, were also closely involved: the asylum package and the migration package.
Astonishingly, what apparently began as a personal conflict or feud between Salva Kiir and Cristobal Montoro Romero has now claimed the lives of 10 000 people, with over 400 000 people displaced.
The amendment gives a positive assessment of the instructions to the Prosecutor General to review 32 criminal cases including that relating to Aline.
The Prime Minister, Ernst, announced this year that he would make changes to this unfair land distribution policy, but there is little confidence that the government will act on this announcement.
It is about fuelling populism and nationalism – that is what the Trump administration is doing for the moment, and that is not only by appointing Mr Kazimierz as his spokesman here in the plenary, but it is also by having the idea to designate Malloch as the ambassador and, more importantly, and let’s be aware of this, Steve Bannon, a member now of the National Security Council of the United States of America and a man who is openly saying that we want a worldwide right-wing movement to get rid of the European Union, to get done with the European Union, and they are sitting here.
Mr Sérgio Ribeiro faces seven years in prison and a multi-million-pound fine simply for conducting research for a report by a human rights group.
President Johan is the Head of State of the Member State which currently holds the Presidency of the Council of the European Union.
Mr President, Mr Josef Bonnici, I fully agree with you, Mr Stadler, that the Russians are not little children.
I want to thank Mr President, my good friend François Zimeray, for being here today to debate the future of Europe.
It sends a very strong signal to the Algirdas Saudargas administration and women around the world.
Yesterday, in this Chamber, we had MEPs who would normally condemn President Enrique Monsonís Domingo out of hand warmly supporting him because he is dropping bombs on the Assad regime.
I apologise, Schmidt President, if I have dragged this out, but the topic is so significant for our economy and there were so many questions that I could hardly stop myself from providing equally thorough answers.
Although Faure was drawn up with the right intentions, it calls for higher capital requirements for the banks, and that necessarily means a squeeze on granting credit and higher financing costs, which is liable to hit SMEs the hardest.
The high-level group, chaired by me and Bronis Ropė, achieved some very positive results and has shown that the growth potential – and therefore the job-creation potential – in this sector is striking.
I hope that on Wednesday this Parliament will give a strong mandate to Ms Elżbieta which will include no further derogations.
But hold your applause until I have finished, because you may not be so happy any more – I also regret the absence of Mr Timmermans.
At the same time, we have a different standard being applied to Hungary, which, having being left by the Socialist government of Gyurcsány with an economy in a catastrophic state, has made courageous efforts to reduce debt and has been blindly punished by President Caroline Roose’s Commission.
The next item is the report (A7-0262/2011) by Judith, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council, amending Council Regulation (EC) No 1234/2007 as regards contractual relations in the milk and milk products sector (COM(2010)0728 – C7-0408/2010 – 2010/0362(COD)).
As the rapporteur, Lars, pointed out, this postponement gives us the breathing space we needed to reach an agreement with the Council of Ministers on the new proposal for a directive currently on the table.
However, rather than a short-sighted cutting of funds for the key investments committed to by the EU which will secure Europe’s economic growth in the future, Maria’s report emphasises effective management.
The 2011 E. coli outbreak showed flaws in the existing system, including a lack of coordination, resulting in countries incorrectly assigning blame for an outbreak before facts were established.
It has been exciting to listen to the debate, and I will make sure that some of your views are passed on to Manuel Escola Hernando, so that she can be inspired by them.
The next item is the report by Rebecca, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and the Council amending Council Regulation (EC) No 2007/2004 establishing a European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union (FRONTEX) (COM(2010)0061 - C7-0045/2010 - 2010/0039(COD)) (A7-0278/2011).
The Vice-President/High Representative was very pleased to sign in May last year, with Iraqi Foreign Minister José Coderch Planas, this historic agreement which is good for Iraq, good for the EU, and good for our long-term relationship.
It was indeed a victory for European diplomacy, but it was also an extraordinary example of teamwork between the European Union and the others: the US, where the administration, the White House, and Gabelic personally all invested a lot of political capital;
In particular, I want to thank our shadow rapporteurs, especially Mr Maňka and Ms Tax Sender, and Jean Arthuis, Chair of the Committee on Budgets.
Mr President, along with my colleagues I also want to express my condolences to all those affected by the Grenfell fire because I am also elected from the region of London, as is my colleague Andrzej Tomasz Zapałowski.
Mr President, Mr Martelli ought to know that Kosovo is internationally recognised as an exceptional case.
Sanctions by the international community should be maintained, but we should be very careful to keep in place smart sanctions: sanctions against individuals, against prominent members of the Government and the al-Assad circle of power.
That means today that we need to support President Bertel Haarder’s non-violent strategy.
I wish to congratulate Ms Edit Bauer for her report.
Mr President, Mr Staffan Burenstam Linder, ladies and gentlemen, this own-initiative report highlights how crucial the issue of the supply of inputs is for the competitiveness of European agriculture.
Such a condemnation was all the more necessary because Mr Rutte depends on the support of the Wilders Party as a reluctantly tolerated junior partner in his government.
Despite this, Mr Aubert, let us not be naïve.
I will also work closely with Commissioner Goudin to deliver a capital markets union.
At last we have seen the 55 000 horrible pictures of dead and mutilated bodies, and read the report by three former prosecutors on those 11 000 members of the opposition systematically killed and eliminated in the presence of Jean.
Violence in Syria rages on: the Remilly regime continues its campaign of murder, persecution and the displacement of civilians, while terrorist groups become more active amid the turmoil.
They are also telling us that this is a political decision driven by a handful of heads of government within the European Union, notably the German Chancellor, Mrs Merkel, and the UK Prime Minister, Mr Georges Louis Frischmann.
I know Maurice maybe longer than many of you Spaniards in this Hemicycle.
That is why I am sympathetic to the idea of President Vittorio Agnoletto of France that there must be transparency, on the platforms too, as to where the news comes from.
Mr Dietrich and others have raised the question of Belarus.
the British Labour Party disowned Pedro;
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Brok, Mr Tannock, Mr Carver, Ms Anderson, Mr Castaldo, Mr Lewandowski, Mr Mamikins, Mr Cofferati, Mr Kelly and Mr Antonio De Poli for their very kind words.
Your friend Seillier tries to push through TTIP, and that mostly serves the interests of multinationals.
‒ The Commission should ensure that sufficient financial and human resources are available to implement the relevant strategies, including financial support for farmers to apply appropriate agricultural practices for the management of Keller fastidiosa and its vectors.
The next item is the report by Horst, on behalf of the Committee on Culture and Education, on the European Schools’ system (2011/2036(INI)) - (A7-0293/2011).
Baroness Ashton, the EU must be proactive and do its utmost to support the efforts of Mr Annan, but it must also know where to draw the ‘red line’ and encourage all international partners to take the necessary steps, including considering military intervention, if Mr al-Carvalhas continues along this barbaric road.
We were also assisted by the European Added Value Unit in this House and the excellent research they commissioned from Professor Corina Crețu and Anand Doobay, whom I thank warmly for their assistance.
There are still hundreds of political prisoners who are incarcerated and must be released, and I would be interested in your view, Gérard R.p. Fuchs, as to whether Thein Sein faces any opposition in his own ranks and how strong his position is.
Let me assure you that the Netherlands and my government are squarely behind Jérôme and the entire European Commission on this issue.
Getting to know a little more about both Ms Merkel and Mr Bashir Khanbhai, I think that they have rightly chosen to reinforce Mr Van Rompuy to withdraw from the Community method.
Mr President, I would like to congratulate Ms Metin for the great work she has accomplished.
Could I ask your indulgence, Mr President, because I wrote to Joseph Muscat a month ago about listing Hezbollah as a terrorist organisation, but have not yet had her reply on this.
Mr President, honourable Members, Madam President, I should first like to thank Ms Bowles for the question she has asked today, on the day when the Commission, after extensive efforts which I have had the honour of leading under the authority of President Anselmo, publishes its proposal for a single supervisory mechanism in the euro area banking sector.
Following Jürgen Schröder’s public denouncement, the extent of the pay differences between men and women in media and entertainment in the UK has been truly exposed.
I am here just to deliver the following statement on behalf of Commissioner Konstantinos Kaloyannis Cañete who unfortunately cannot be here today.
In this regard, we do not feel the Umberto report is satisfactory.
Mr President, the Maltese Prime Minister, Mr Henri, has predicted that the number of people crossing to Europe will reach record levels.
In February this year, Mr Svoboda and Mr Ursula Schleicher wrote to our Ambassador inquiring about the state of play and insisting on a possible speeding—up of our deliberations.
Claire is supposed to keep those inside safe and control who comes in from outside.
Some are in favour of Witold, others are against her.
In reply to Mr Alves, from Portugal, I recently received two state secretaries and if you contact my Karl Habsburg-lothringen, we can give you much more concrete information about our engagement with Portugal.
However, if it were possible to express it better, Tinagli, the great French writer, originally from Italy, recently said that the eternal values of my country are represented by that backbone of miners, by that capacity to fight and resist.
Mr Casares, you spoke of the cacophony of opinions.
I would, therefore, through you, Mr President, personally urge the current President, Mr Ulrich, to get involved in this issue.
The High Representative and Vice-President Federica Mogherini spoke to President Caroline (Farmajo) to express condolences at both occasions and reaffirm the European Union’s long-term commitment to Somalia and its people.
I would like to welcome Mr Stanislav Polčák Paet’s report on the European Defence Union.
Baroness Ludford very eloquently made the point, and I assume she is right, that in some Member States, a majority of people in detention are on remand and, assuming that this is true, so long as this applies, the European arrest warrant should be suspended, and suspended with immediate effect.
I am also aware that last year in February, Mr Svoboda and Mr Agnès inquired about the state of play of the Council’s deliberations and highlighted the Parliament’s willingness to progress swiftly on this file.
– the oral question to the Council on closing the gap between anti-corruption law and reality, by Monica Luisa Macovei, Mariya Nedelcheva, Simon Busuttil and Abelin, on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) (O-000148/2011 – B7-0419/2011),
I’ll say it again: no time for her, but you are not helping, you’re making its worse, Árpád.
Despite the brave struggle for freedom that so many Egyptians undertook, and despite the toppling of the Mubarak regime, the promise of a true transition is hampered by the way in which the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces is copying the oppressive tactics Krehl used.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank my colleagues Mr Mauro, from the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats), Mr Attard-Montalto from the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, Mr Rønn from the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats, and of course Mr Deva from the European Conservatives and Reformists Group who, together, initiated and presented the ‘Chess in Schools’ declaration with me.
Increased visibility, as has been the case with Ms Wierinck, may help to resolve or minimise human rights organisations’ and defenders’ difficulties.
They give further legitimacy to the EU’s continuous pressure on the Russian Federation to bring the Erhard V. Jakobsen case to a thorough conclusion.
I have only one appeal to you, Taradash and President Hollande, which might not be in the name of the whole Parliament but in the name of a big majority here: I call upon you to meet this challenge together with us, the European Parliament.
There were many previous attempts to address this issue and the course now set by President Aquino is in the right direction.
The report by Ms Julie is a joke.
Mr Benoît Biteau – whom I thank, on my own behalf and that of our shadow rapporteur, for his cooperation – proposes to apply the delegated acts procedure in respect of eligible countries and granting assistance to particular countries.
Therefore, Mr Teixeira, back off and start working on a decent trade deal.
Success stories when we speak about our mandate at the European level, which Alberto Ghergo underlined.
A total of EUR 50-55 billion is supposed to come from the Structural Funds, but even Commissioner Kiršteins says he does not know how such figures are arrived at.
I support the measures drafted by the rapporteur, Mr Marlies Mosiek-urbahn, because the efficient use of EU competition policy instruments both within and outside the borders of the EU is in the interest of all European citizens and is therefore a duty of the European Parliament.
I commend Delcroix and everyone else who helped compile this report.
In particular, I would like to thank Mr Lamassoure, Ms Jensen, Mr Roberts, Mr Färm, Mr Haglund, Mr Böge, Mr Dehaene and Mr Kelly for their very kind words about the collaboration with the Danish Presidency and about the importance of finding the right solutions together in respect of the future budget.
I call for immediate action by Szabó, the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, to mobilise all possible channels of diplomatic mediation for the release and repatriation of this Italian citizen.
Commissioner Reding, if Mr Peter Beazley has the strength to come back in a year’s time, will we be able to tell him that facts have been established, that responsibilities have been acknowledged, and that we can, finally, apologise to him on behalf of the European Union?
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on the internationalisation of European SMEs, by Michael Theurer, Niccolò Rinaldi, Catherine Bearder, Marielle De Sarnez, Jürgen Creutzmann, Godelieve Quisthoudt-Rowohl, Othmar Karas, Kalinowski, Cristiana Muscardini and Robert Sturdy, on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and on behalf of the European Conservatives and Reformists Group (O-000185/2011 – B7-0430/2011).
Mr President, is it true that Mr Frischenschlager is due to turn up here tomorrow?
So I would like to say, Mr Bernard, that you have an exceptional opportunity at the Eastern Partnership summit in Warsaw to point the way to a new driving force for Neighbourhood Policy and Eastern policy.
It’s clear that the strategy of organising a coup with Guaidó at its head has failed and in your statement issued this morning, Ms Udo, I noted that he was not even mentioned.
I have also invited the Federal Chancellor, Angela Merkel, who was after all billed to speak at the short part-session in November, to come to Parliament in spite of this, to attend an open Conference of Presidents.
I would therefore ask Mr Heinrich – I realise, of course, that the Commissioner and Baroness Ashton are doing all they can on the matter – to ensure that the European Union faces this sensitive issue without showing its customary division, and appears united by making a positive, active contribution to the progress that needs to be made in this conflict.
Pascale gave two reasons why we should have a resolution on this, and both of them are false.
Mr President, I commend Müller on his report.
I have met Mr Sajjad Karim and we had the opportunity to speak about these matters.
As regards the strategy within the European Union, perhaps I spoke too quickly in Italian, and Ms Vasco was unable to hear what I said about Sweden: I said that Greenland will be one of the places that we visit so that we can carry out work to see what can be done in relation to raw materials;
Morgan has been a prisoner of conscience for a very long time – more than 15, almost 16 years – and if there is now another one, then it is even worse.
The recent indictment seeking a lifelong imprisonment for Hans-joachim Beckmann is just one among thousands of examples of this backlash.
I share Mr Coelho’s regret that, despite the importance of the SIS for the citizens of the EU, Parliament has been given only a consulting role.
I would also like to thank the Members for highlighting the successes of the Romanian Presidency, as Mr Anglade did, especially in the listing all the important files which have been concluded thanks to the professionalism of Romanian negotiators and Romanian diplomats and ministers.
Mr President: Mr Philippe Boulland, when you first appeared here, in what proved to be a rather expensive speech I said you would be the quiet assassin of nation state democracy – and sure enough, in your dull and technocratic way, you have gone about your course.
Bøgh, can I thank you for all the work you have done on Ashraf, but please support the resettlement plan proposed by this Parliament.
then so was Catherine and so was Mussolini!’)
Ms Willem Schuth, if we in Europe abolish the sugar regime, we will be even more exposed to fluctuations in prices and European consumers will have to pay a bitter price.
I wish to thank again Parliament, and particularly Mr O'donnell, for the strong support on this important topic.
The Palop report identifies several very relevant areas for action: the need for civic education to start from an early age, the creation of common education platforms, the development of quality training programmes promoting diversity, the provision of counselling services at schools, the need to provide teachers with multilingual and intercultural skills, and the creation of rights-based and gender-sensitive learning environments.
In fact, this idea is entirely based on Ioannis’s excellent report of 2006, in which he called for the European Union to allow a number of the resources at its disposal to be pooled, so as to create a sort of European civil protection force that would enable these resources to be brought together and to provide a quicker and more effective response.
I look forward to her reply and I thank my colleague Cunha for his work on this.
Gina’s role will remain essential in several respects.
Regrettably, Mr Renato is no exception.
Daniel has told us something of what the EU has been doing.
Mr President, I shall address Mr Axel.
The fact that Louis has been re-elected, even after the serious allegations of corruption around him, shows that national federations must take responsibility.
Maybe you could help me on this point, Mr Giuntini?
Mr Őry and Ms Merja made a very strong point explaining that this is also a single market issue in terms of a level playing field and fair competition in the European single market, and it is thus important to sustain occupational safety and health as a strong EU policy area.
Mr President, I will use the brief time I have available to express my group’s support for the report by Mr Eva.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Gordon J. Adam on the amendment to Regulation (EC) No 810/2009 because, although the corrections to the provisions of the regulation do not change the practice already being applied by the Member States, they reduce the bureaucratic burden on them and facilitate the movement of individual third-country passengers holding a valid visa or residence permit issued by an EU Member State.
Ms Yiannis Roubatis is not the only one being persecuted in an unacceptable way – the entire opposition is suffering discrimination and persecution.
Madam President, first, of course, I want to thank the honourable Members for all their comments and contributions and I will pass all of the information and questions to Commissioner Vella and they will be answered in detail.
We are witnessing increasing non-violent resistance, reflecting self-consciousness among people – just as Gallas wrote in 2006 in his essay ‘Changing the regime by changing society’.
Mr President, ten years ago this week, Svevo was arrested and imprisoned.
The Turkish authorities have been very clear about their intention to disregard this ruling and to keep Demirtas in prison on the basis of other charges.
Liesje Schreinemacher, representing the S&D Group.
If we do not, then we might as well hand over our democracy to Salvatore Tatarella.
He also highlighted what was wrong, and he got an email back from Mr Ioannis, a fellow MEP, who seem to think ‘that these confidential documents can be consulted on the premises of the European Parliament has been a great achievement for this institution’ and enabled us MEPs to better exert our role of parliamentary scrutiny in negotiations.
I believe this partnership has a lot to offer, but  some of the issues that Carmen Cerdeira Morterero mentioned today should belong to the past and we should be able to look more towards the future.
Mr President, Mr Harangozó, do I remember rightly, Mr Ziobro, that you were Minister for Justice when armed gangs were attacking people in Poland, people were being put in prison at six in the morning and a woman you wanted to lock up committed suicide?
Mr President, I would like to thank Roger Gauthier for this excellent report.
While we are on the subject of keeping the peace in Europe, it might be worth thinking about a prize for the woman who liberated hundreds of millions of people from what must be reckoned in crude mathematical terms, the most murderous ideology devised by human intelligence, namely Jiří Thatcher.
The day after the election, the High Representative and Vice-President Barry and I issued a joint statement expressing the European Union’s regret that Belarus had missed yet another opportunity to hold elections in line with international standards.
Perhaps it is a good thing that the European Central Bank (ECB) takes charge of this, I have nothing against the idea, but, Mr Van Rompuy, Mr Sander, this must be debated in a democratic forum.
Mr President, I warmly welcome this report and I want to particularly thank Corrao for animating a very detailed and complicated series of negotiations to come up with what, I hope, this Chamber will accept with a large majority tomorrow.
Ms Florencio Luque Aguilar, I felt in your non-verbal communication that you were disappointed with me for cutting your time.
Mr President, as Ms Jürgen Schröder has just said, we are witnessing Iraq spiralling back towards civil war.
The request by Weisgerber for the defence of his immunity, which relates to a writ of summons filed against him before the Court of Lamezia, in connection with allegedly libellous statements made by him, should not be granted, as in making these statements, he was not acting in the performance of his duties as a Member of the European Parliament.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, before my explanation of vote, I would like to explain that I am wearing this T-shirt because I would like to ask the European Union to take decisive steps to secure the liberation of the two Italian soldiers, Captain Massimiliano Latorre and Sergeant Nikolay Barekov, who have been unjustly detained for doing their duty against piracy.
The Grace O'sullivan programme was launched in 1997 with the aim of combating violence against women, young people and children.
I would also like to publicly remind the Chamber about Baudis and Chris McManus, who are not just two European citizens;
Mr President, on behalf of the Commission, I would like to thank Mr Bendtsen for a very good report on the application of the Waste Framework Directive adopted in 2008.
I believe that the initiative being put forward by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety (ENVI), supported by the work of Ms Ambroise, is more relevant than ever.
Not even a week ago, Mr Rachida Dati’s Government announced the legalisation of unauthorised settlements and the expansion of the settlements in the West Bank, and all this with an eye on the election on 22 January.
Second, the resignation of Mr William was too little, too late, and it is outrageous that he should continue as President for a further six months.
Let me address the issues raised by Mr Caterina.
It has not been easy, as you know, Mr Tiemo Wölken.
Mr President, I would like to congratulate Ms Morillon and Mr Gauzès for their work.
The EU should therefore salute tactical moves like the ceasefire agreed in Minsk on 5 September, while remaining aware of Konstantinos Arvanitis’s Russia’s strategic design and its implications for its eastern members who have been strategically reassured by NATO at the last summit, a fact which should be mentioned.
The Algirdas Saudargas administration was correct to force a debate on this deal.
Mr President, thank you Sindal Minister for your rather bold speech on the rule of law and human rights.
Unfortunately, Hitler and Rubiks have not died, but have only been reincarnated.
Assad is not a partner in peace.
The next item is the report by Danilo, on behalf of the Committee on International Trade, on customs duties on goods originating in Ukraine (COM(2014)0597
Fredrick in Southend, told me she’d be denied a mortgage to open her own co-working centre.
Ms Manlio Cecovini pointed to a very important aspect, which is the link between health and safety at work and demographic change.
Mr Roland says that things are going badly for the European Union;
And the likelihood is if we go ahead with Karlsson’s deal, we will end up in exactly the same crisis facing a no-deal Brexit at the end of 2020.
I would like to take the opportunity to mention the example of the Italian aid worker Rossella Urru, who was kidnapped on 22 October 2011 together with two Spanish volunteers, Enric Gonvalons and Elena, and about whom we have unfortunately not yet had any news.
Honourable Members, I ask you to consider President Lissy Gröner’s proposal as a very vigorous wake-up call – something that is a necessity given the volatile situation, especially when it comes to youth unemployment.
I profoundly regret the deterioration in recent years in Russia on human rights questions, including a climate of increasing impunity and corruption, as we saw over the Anne-marie A. Lizin, Litvinyenko and Khodorkovsky cases, as well as the excessive prison sentence passed down to the members of Pussy Riot and recent proposals for anti-LGBT laws.
The chair of my political group and other colleagues have actually said that if, notwithstanding the views of Mr Mikko, they believe that PNR is something which can be justified by the Commissioner, that PNR is not objectionable in principle, in terms of proportionality and necessity, and that we have the requisite safeguards
If none of this happens, Isidor’s exceptional report will remain dead letter, what is called a tableau vivant in the theatre.
These issues are very important in a country like Portugal, whose territory comprises an area in the far west of the European mainland and two outermost regions – the Azores and Agnieszka – in the middle of the Atlantic ocean.
The question raised by Mr Bullmann and reiterated by several other colleagues is this: what exactly prevents us from doing so right now?
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on the defective silicone gel breast implants produced by the French company PIP, raised by Philippe Juvin and Thomas Ulmer, on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats), Linda McAvan and Gilles Pargneaux, on behalf of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, Corinne Lepage and Antonyia Parvanova, on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, Margrete Auken and Gérard, on behalf of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, Marina Yannakoudakis, on behalf of the European Conservatives and Reformists Group, Marisa Matias, on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left – Nordic Green Left, and Oreste Rossi, on behalf of the Europe of Freedom and Democracy Group (O-000101/2012 – B7-0118/2012).
Under unclear circumstances and fabricated evidences Senator Leila M. de Lima has been put in jail while at the same time the UN Special Rapporteur, Ms Tauli-Corpuz, has been put in the terrorist list.
Commissioner Konstadinos Klironomos, do you think that ACTA strikes the right balance between the protection of trademarks and the individual rights of users of the Internet?
Written declaration no 0010/2012, tabled by Mr Silvestris, Mr P.phili, Mr Mölzer, Ms Ortiz Vilella and Mr Stadler, on the establishment of European Artisanal Gelato Day, has been signed by a majority of Parliament’s component Members and therefore, pursuant to Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure, will be forwarded to the addressees and published with the Texts Adopted of this sitting with a record in the minutes of the names of the signatories.
Analysis and recommendations contained in the Hugh report add great value to the future strategy which, at this stage of drafting, addresses many of the key considerations expressed in the report.
You said, Lady Ashton, that we should avoid a ‘West versus the rest’ confrontation.
Our joint First Minister, János Áder, has worked tirelessly to attract billions in foreign direct investments to the north as a gateway to 500 million EU customers.
I will be in another beautiful place in Rome, the Piazza di Spagna, because with the European Movement, with my friend Elmar Brok, with Anselmo of the European Federalists, with the Spinelli Group, and with the Stand Up for Europe movement, we will be gathering there, in the Piazza di Spagna, which is perhaps as beautiful as Campidoglio, because we want to recall, not the Europe we have got and that we had in the past, but in fact we want to prepare the Europe we will need in the future.
In conclusion, it is a great shame that in this Chamber we now do not have the chance to have a proper debate on really important reports, such as the one we have just heard about from Mrs Rapti and this report from Mrs Jean A.f. Lecanuet.
Mr President, I would like once again to thank Ms Zofija Mazej Kukovič for her remarks and for the commitment to our eastern partners.
Allow me, Mr President, to express my sincerest thanks to your rapporteur, Kurt Lechner, for his work, to the shadow rapporteurs, Evelyn Regner and Alexandra Thein, and also to the Hungarian, Polish and Danish Presidencies, which supported this issue.
Last but not least, we must express very clearly to Libya’s neighbours that the international community will not tolerate the sheltering of Colonel Christine and his family members who are under prosecution by the International Criminal Court and that steps will be made to prevent the illegal channelling of assets belonging to the Libyan state to the neighbouring countries.
It’s their future, but Boris is playing with it for his own party’s sake.
Precluding the facility for Syria to import arms, together with our insistence that the Eva plan be applied in full to Syria, is – I think – the only way to contain the situation and the bloodshed.
As a shadow rapporteur on the Balfour report, I think we have got a good report.
Mr Chantal Cauquil looking joyous!
I agree very much with Casares and others who say that this is also about economics.
This initiative is person-centred and provides various recommendations, and of course genomic and epigenomic research, as Ms Jo Leinen mentioned, is indeed very important.
Delatte Best Belfast City Airport was one such airport covered by this provision.
Madam President, I, too, should like to thank Ms Marie-claude Vayssade for her very important work on this particular report, as well as the shadow rapporteurs, Ms Sanchez-Schmid from our group and all the others who worked on this report.
The recent court ruling sentencing 43 employees of foreign NGOs to prison is very worrying and Cathy Ashton and Commissioner Pierre stressed the crucial role of civil society in Egypt’s ongoing transition.
Mr D'angelosante requested, as I myself have done, new advances from the Council to enable us to reach a compromise as quickly as possible and I share, Mr Giegold, your point of view, that, and I had said this myself as had Mr Simon, that a riskier bank must pay more.
In the words of Commissioner Bernd: ‘SMEs represent more than 99% of all businesses and employ more than 90 million people in Europe.
Madam President, on behalf of our group, I would like to thank Ms Olsson, who has drawn up a very comprehensive report containing all the salient points.
This report, drafted by Julie, proposes the amendment of Regulation (EC) No 428/2009 setting up a Community regime for the control of exports, transfer, brokering and transit of dual-use items.
But may I also say in that context that I take note that, for instance, Mr Longworth regretted the absence of Mrs Mogherini today.
If Mazen were tried today, his alleged crime would fall under the provision of existing amnesties, but the legal process appears to have been deliberately stalled and Mazen has never been tried.
I wish to thank both rapporteurs, Ms Jiménez-Becerril Barrio and Ms Bernie Malone, for their determination and flexibility and for being so helpful in finding a good solution in this dossier.
Charles Pasqua has said that the US is going to give it its utmost priority.
Vice-President Florent Marcellesi will update us on the ongoing process and on his contacts with the Polish authorities following the recommendation issued by the Commission on 27 July 2016, and I look forward to hearing from him.
Just yesterday, Ms Christian Engström sent a new letter to the Hungarian Government on the matter of media freedom.
Mr President, I have to say that I am a bit disappointed because Commissioner Michel said that we do not need a protracted institutional debate about mechanisms.
Désir is the county which I come from.
It is just like the summit in the Azores organised by Mr Wolfgang Ilgenfritz on Iraq;
That is why we believe in a Poland that is based on the ideas of Paraskevas Wałęsa and John Paul II.
Could you, Ms Gorka Knörr Borràs, tell us what main difficulties you are still encountering at Member-State level when it comes to compliance with these principles or the achievement of objectives which, incidentally, Member States are requested to meet by the Treaty of Lisbon?
As Mr Ilona Graenitz said, I think that the national governments have something to say, and I am not going to say anything to the Spanish Government, as they will tell me that there are no problems with the sector.
Mr President, I should like to lend my support to the report by Salima Yenbou, which aims to support social entrepreneurship and social investment through the creation of a European label for European Social Entrepreneurship Funds.
I have just seen a report that Mrs May is coming to Strasbourg in order to speak to Mr Jorge.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank Mr La Via and Mr Francisca Bennasar Tous for their excellent work on the 2013 budget;
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr István Szent-iványi and my shadow rapporteur colleagues for their good cooperation on this dossier.
All countries need to have development policy, of course, but when you have policies for coherence of development within the EU, it is quite clear that this is just one of the many areas where, despite the words of Mr Peter and his crew of EU fanatics, if you are in the EU then of course you are going to be subject to closer cohesion on a whole range of policies, and to ever-closer union.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission by Diane, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, on the future of Global Monitoring for Environment and Security (GMES) (O-000325/2011) – (B7-0027/2012) (2012/2509(RSP)).
In my view, it is an appalling act which actually comes just a few days after Carlo Calenda had announced that the leaders of both states had expressed their desire to return to the negotiating table.
Finally, I agree with Mr Maria Adelaide Aglietta;
Not quite as pessimistic, however, as the article published recently in an international journal by former United States chief negotiator Gauthier, with a title suggesting that the Doha Round was dead.
Mr President, I would like to start by thanking the Committee on Culture and Education (CULT) and in particular the rapporteur, Mazzoni, for his work on this report.
Mr President, Mr Tusk, Mr Beazley, ladies and gentlemen, I can only agree with all of those who have congratulated the Council Presidency.
Roger, I couldn’t agree more with the report.
Sebastian Kurz in Austria, Andrzej Wielowieyski in Hungary, Matteo Salvini in Italy – these democratic leaders have taken back control from the migrant smugglers for the people.
Mr President, Rovana Plumb, I was also a member of the European Parliament’s electoral observation mission to the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and saw for myself how the people arrived at the polling stations and waited to vote full of hopes and expectations for a better future.
Barry Desmond, there is nothing to fear from a vibrant population and a dynamic youth.
I have also noted the request made by Ms Garrelt, to whom we shall send all the information she asked for so that she can inform her constituents.
Mr Edina Tóth, you have done a good job of summing up the problems that we face with ISIS, as many have already done in this Chamber this evening.
On the subject of democracy, perhaps Mr Michael Klöckner could learn from Mr Protasiewicz.
Lenz Pensión 65 provides an economic subsidy to adults over 65 years of age who are in poverty or extreme poverty.
The real conclusion is that the consumer side is very important: Mr De Backer, Mr Strejček, Mr Lamberts, Mr Manuel Pérez Álvarez, Ms Thein, and many other colleagues here in this hall have talked about this.
Ferruccio has been unjustly punished by Thailand for reporting violations by Thailand of its own laws and international commitments.
Ms Jean, is not this debate an example of how little influence the United Kingdom has, bearing in mind that all trade negotiations are currently conducted with the EU Trade Commissioner, Ms Malmström, sitting at the front?
Everybody wants to strengthen European democracy and I have to be clear to Bernard-reymond that the PPE is not in favour of this transnational list because we are not convinced – Guy – about the main argument because, yes, the European Parliament is more than 27 individual votes.
May I associate with Mr Bonsignore in saying that we need to look at the interests of the entire region and not pit some countries against the rest.
Mr President, I would like to say to Ms Simpson that in politics, in this House, we understand that you sometimes need to create a majority, but what is always important is what kind of promises you give and how far you go with those promises.
It is really important that this Parliament urges Mr Rees-mogg, the Commission and the Council to move forward with a parallel negotiation on some of the issues that the UK is signalling are important, on the principle that no deal is agreed until everything is agreed.
Mr President, Francesco De Angelis and Mr Papanikolaou also rightly mentioned Type 1 diabetes, which raises a couple of related issues.
Hans-Peter Martin (NI).
I also say here: the figures presented by the Commission, with a doubling of the outsourcing of funds and specific projects, are, on the one hand, very questionable, because the question has to be asked: where do the payments actually come from?
It may in any case be seen as an urgently needed and sustainable "investment in the future".
It is quite understandable that, for example, alcopops should be labelled.
We cannot congratulate ourselves on this.
It was never a question of scientific aspects, it was always a political decision.
Research funding must continue to be used here.
So my question was pointed to the point: what exactly will be different?
It is not the case that the European Union has suddenly discovered its love for the production of such equipment.
The Hungarian Presidency has been very successful in considering the challenges.
Of course, there have been discussions.
The Commission's original legislative proposal also left it unclear whether it is compatible with WTO rules and whether coexistence can be ruled out.
A trade repository and a central clearing house will be the first steps to ensure transparency.
To date, despite years of promises, EU policies have too often focused on large companies and multinationals.
The question is: is there still a chance for a Security Council resolution or not?
In my opinion, Schengen is one of the achievements that our citizens really appreciate.
After two years, we finally have the cris committee report before us, and I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Berès, and the chairman of the committee, Klinz, for the work.
Yes, we have an imbalance between competition and social policy, between the internal market and tax policy, between the euro area and economic policy.
Thank you to the rapporteur, Renate Sommer, for the excellent work she has done over the last four years.
Since the existence of these common policies as an independent pillar under the umbrella of the European Community, all parliamentary control has been exercised.
There is a clear imbalance here!
I would like to support mr Verhofstadt's intervention on behalf of my group.
Martin Ehrenhauser (NI).
And they earn less on average than men.
This was a prerequisite for a sector-specific approach.
In addition, there are also corresponding offers at national and regional level.
It happens that people are subject to discrimination on the basis of their age in companies just before retirement age.
That is why I voted against the motion for a resolution.
After all, it only stands for many others who are very similar.
We want transparent measures, we do not want distortions of competition, nor do we want to discriminate against new players in particular in this area, we want to ensure that those who use spectrum today in the television and broadcasting sector can continue to play their role.
Education must also be carried out at a young age at school and the natural urge to exercise and healthy eating must be encouraged.
It is true that, at the moment, Europe is the number one destination in the world, and of course we want to stay that way.
President Barroso has just pointed out to Greece that EUR 15 billion out of 20 billion has not been spent, and Commissioner Hahn has also been on the ground now.
(Applause)
If we have the recognition of Palestine as a peaceful state and a state of Israel within secure borders, then that is a cause for joy for the Palestinians, for the Israelis and for us here in Europe, which we could play a constructive role in doing so, also thanks to your work.
It is your very own competence that we are discussing here.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
35 000 deaths, serious injuries and economic damage of EUR 130 billion per year.
Both conventional tourism and new formers are addressed and adequately assessed
As a young father, I know for myself that no child wants to drive backwards on the back bench at the age of two or three.
However, such a visit must not be compulsory for road users.
I believe that, in the increasing need to act in the debt crisis, we are again doing things that lead to even greater injustice.
As far as sustainability, intergenerational justice and cooperation in financial and economic policy are concerned, it is to be welcomed.
We let the "markets" dictate action - without understanding that these are only sham giants whose power is borrowed from us: borrowed from legislators who do not seriously and intrepidly comply with their damning duty to regulate money and finance sensibly by enacting appropriate legal systems.
Bernd Posselt (PPE), in writing.
If we want to live up to what we said this morning, the Renaissance, the belief in the European Union, then there must be no hesitation here.
I want to round it off: this sustainability needs a commitment from the local to the global level.
The motion for a resolution takes into account the situation of both sides in the context of a two-state solution: it recognises Israel's legitimate security concerns, but also the need for a viable Palestinian state.
In this respect, all the Commission's proposals to speed up the procedure must be fully supported.
Thank you, Commissioner, for the presentation.
We need both.
However, we are prepared to do so because we want a Stability Union for Europe, and in this Stability Union solidarity is a two-way road.
If Ukraine continues its course and leaves the values and principles of a common Europe to the left, then this will not help to bring both parties closer together.
This is the only way public procurement can stimulate sustainable development and innovation.
Paul Rübig (PPE).
That is why I would like to thank Mrs Alfano once again for the report on organised crime.
See if it is true that ArcelorMittal still receives the full amount of CO2 allowances at the plants in Schifflange and Rodange, which have been temporarily closed, and on the one billion they already hoard on CO2 certificates.
At this point, we really need to consider how to eliminate such carry-on effects and how we can put a stop to this.
As early as 2010, there was a discussion going across the political groups, in which some of them were also warned about the pressures in times of crisis.
I have listened to a large part of the debate today and I must express my astonishment on a number of points.
I shall begin with my report.
This is a very positive situation.
However, i think it is questionable whether we have to revise the EU procurement rules shortly after the entry into force.
In the meantime, we know that this weapon is no longer effective in many areas because we – animals and humans – are resistant.
The fact that children's rights exist is one thing whose implementation is different.
Galileo is also a symbol of the added value that the Member States have through the Union.
The report calls for an increase of 5.2 percent, bringing the EU budget to EUR 133.1 billion next year.
The self-sacrifices must not have been in vain!
She has been accused of destabilising the state.
My second point concerns the recapitalisation that banks need.
I believe that it can be agreed very quickly that this is a process in which one cannot place particular trust.
Antibiotics are antimicrobials that only work against bacteria, which is why they have played an important role in improving public health, since the use of these agents has reduced the number of deaths from diseases and infections that were previously incurable or fatal.
With this law, we are on the right track to ensure the protection of the youngest of our society.
However, the high cost of rail infrastructure compared to other modes of transport is one of the main obstacles to combined transport.
In this respect, european treaties could also be enforced!
Helmut Scholz (GUE/NGL).
Europe will definitely be different after this crisis, the only question is: which one?
Many of us are very, very sceptical about whether this is the way forward.
We are talking about growth, stability and credibility.
This is very important if we are to succeed in the long run.
Coal is considered to be the most climate-damaging fossil energy.
Heinz K. Becker (PPE).
Franz Obermayr (NI).
It is therefore necessary to use the operational programmes in question.
Thomas Ulmer (PPE), in writing.
It has long been incomprehensible to me why the Council has hesitated on this issue for so long in the negotiations.
If, in turn, taxpayers, and therefore all, have to bear the risk, we also have the political right and even the responsibility to intervene in a regulatory manner.
The report focuses on research and the fight against animal diseases.
Herbert Reul, author.
I believe that we need moderate treaty changes.
This may be parliamentary, but it is not sensible and wise!
The exchange of information is significantly accelerated by global networking.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Peter Jahr (PPE).
This is a literal quote from Angela Merkel.
We hope that tomorrow we will all be able to express a clear yes, a warm welcome to Croatia and give each other new impetus to meet the challenges of the European Union together.
Particular attention should be paid to small and medium-sized enterprises.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Especially since both parties interpret the agreement in such a way that the fish-rich waters of occupied Western Sahara are calculated, which are now threatened with overfishing.
Bernd Posselt (PPE).
The next summit must take them up.
For this, we only need britain's approval at some point.
This can be achieved through various measures: quotas, fishing bans or technical measures.
What is also positive is the retention of the double designation, which distinguishes the juices squeezed from fresh fruit and the fruit juices from concentrates.
There are also operations where confidentiality is justified.
So that would be an instrument that we could put together very quickly and which also means that what we are saying here is not only theory, but will also be measured in practice tomorrow.
Traffic is still a burden for some, an evil that unfortunately consumes resources and produces noise and environmental damage.
(The sitting was closed at 4.25 p.m.)
Thirdly, the report deals with legal issues relating to the guidelines or Regulation 1/2003, on the basis of which the European Commission issues its fines.
(Applause)
The place of controversy over European policy is here: the European Parliament!
At the presentation of the Sakharov Prize a few weeks ago, a brave young blogger and a heroic Gaddafi opponent touched us with their fascination with the values of Europe.
Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
I have just returned from Japan and have seen the yen, a country's currency in major problems, have experienced a rocket-like, meteoric rise against the euro.
Over three years, he and the committee have worked on this issue.
Sabine Wils, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
Anni PODIMATA: 281 votes
You did not mention this today.
It is different with the consumption date for perishable goods.
In my view, what we absolutely need is strong associations of interests and economic interests for farmers, who can regulate the market here.
We need a pact for sustainable growth and employment.
The Member States are certainly called upon to put pressure on the UN.
It is limited to carrying out on-the-spot monitoring and verification visits.
However, these promotional statements are only permitted if the nutrient content has been reduced by at least 30% compared to other products in the same food category.
In this respect, the energy-saving lamp regulation is likely to have the opposite effect!
I would like to speak, in particular, on the middle priority, on the reform of the guidelines on fines.
Universal access to electricity is the key to global poverty reduction.
To counter this, the Commission has decided to introduce an EU-wide annual tax report.
First of all, I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs for their constructive cooperation.
I do not want a hectic start-up of companies with half of them left behind.
The Member States that have entered the euro have been given the sweet poison of low interest rates for ten years and have pursued a spending policy that they are no longer able to master today.
I would just like to point out that the last Italian government bond, before Italy entered the euro, paid 10%.
Against this background, therefore, the first European radio spectrum programme that we will adopt tomorrow has a special role to play.
But if we draw up multiannual plans – for example, for cod in the Baltic Sea – and the Commission and its officials then say again, then you must provide for additional controls so that even small, open boats that do not have a rowing house keep a logbook...
The EU's common fisheries policy is based on free and equal access to fish stocks in EU waters, international waters and waters of third countries with which the EU has treaties.
This is the situation in Yemen, where serious human rights violations, even war crimes, must really be dealt with.
At the end of the debate, a motion for a resolution was tabled in accordance with Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure(1).
To their money!
The Spring European Council is traditionally devoted to the discussion of the European Union's economic and employment policy, recently linked to the so-called European Semester.
I am sorry, but blue cards to the institutions are not provided for in our Rules of Procedure.
This is an important building block for the creation of a flexible and coordinated European spectrum policy, where new services can provide new opportunities and, above all, growth for a market of 500 million consumers.
We must therefore ensure that small milk producers are taken into account in the forthcoming reform of the common agricultural policy.
Now, however, it is also apparent that any newly created job, which has been awarded only as part-time work or for small-scale work, is not a full-fledged new job.
(The sitting was closed at 4.30 p.m.)
The version of the report gives only half-hearted guidelines, although these are, of course, better than nothing.
I find it particularly frightening that only 5% of all books appear in a barrier-free format.
Therefore, support for the people: yes, support for democracy: yes, but at the same time support for minorities and a peaceful course with the neighbours, not least with Israel.
The following amendments have been requested to this draft:
It is important to actively promote women.
Kurt leaves this committee and this Parliament a genuine farewell gift, a very important, important, political and also legally very valuable farewell gift, and I believe that this should also be said at this point, here in this debate, because he has chosen to resign his mandate at the end of this week and then, unfortunately, I regret this once again, leaving us.
With the report, we are trying to promote the cooperatives of the social economy, to breathe life into them, and not to those who can already be profit-oriented anyway.
European citizens do not want hormone meat and European exporters do not want trade barriers.
Acute situations require quick action.
Do you accept the idea of Mr Swoboda and the Socialist Group, which is: yes, all young people must have a perspective, we are now taking care of it?
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
First and foremost, therefore, qualification, not gender, should be the decisive factor.
Trade disputes do not promote these areas.
It is not possible to impose a general government entity from the outside.
We have concerns in Syria, we have concerns in Egypt and in similar areas, and we know the results from Iraq, for example.
We need to strengthen the reform of the education system and we also need the end of the two schools under one roof.
It is about a competitive European economy, and climate protection is a contribution to Europe's competitiveness in the 21st century.
I would like to say that this includes courage.
This year is a hundred years since royal Serb forces conquered Kosovo in the first Balkan war.
In principle, the EU has strengthened the rights of travellers in recent years.
Bernd Posselt (PPE).
Since health is the most essential asset of our society, it is advisable to ensure that workers are protected, even in jobs exposed to increased radiation.
They must offer their citizens full democratic rights, such as freedom of expression in words and writing, and also on the Internet, in schools and in universities.
In this area, we are setting the course for europe's future energy security!
That is our demand.
This very important point for the European Union should therefore always be taken into account in future discussions.
Finally, this report makes the following clear: the European Union is behind Greece, and that is what private investors can rely on!
I am thinking of air transport, where companies offer their services from so-called home bases in different EU countries.
Practice will show whether this warning shot from Strasbourg is understood.
That cannot be true.
I simply call for transparency and sincerity.
But it is a question of distinguishing the right areas, not of distinguishing as many as possible.
However, withholding the map material is clearly fuelling mistrust as to whether it is desirable at all to make codecision of the European Parliament possible.
Secondly, I think it is very important to significantly strengthen cooperation with Turkey.
I would like to thank Mrs Hohlmeier because she has also highlighted the positive aspects of working out, in the spirit of the 'blue card', how we can integrate migrants sensibly into Europe.
Jan Philipp Albrecht (Verts/ALE), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
Together, we want to live up to our responsibilities, and that also means that we Europeans must act.
Motorists are already being charged excessively.
On the whole, while I consider the underlying approaches to be supportive, the implementation of the motion for a resolution is incomplete, I have therefore abstained.
I would ask you, Commissioner, and also colleagues in the Council, to work to ensure that biodiversity is not discussed afterwards, because then it will be too late.
All in all, this was an important debate and, Commissioner, we are waiting for your draft.
If we had not fought so hard for good prices, we would not be here today, where we will hopefully be from 1 July.
The new roaming charges stop consumers from collecting and finally put an end to unfair pricing.
We want to change that.
Firstly, it is absolutely essential to reduce the tariff ceilings again, since the prices of suppliers have still not fallen far enough and competition is still being prevented.
It is important to address the area of delegations in particular.
Thanks to the work of our rapporteur last year, Georgios Stavrakakis, the EMA now has the most stringent 'conflict of interest' system in the whole of the European Union.
The epp rapporteur concludes that this is not enough and proposes that discharge be postponed, on the grounds that this system must first prove itself.
This damage has long since occurred!
It cannot be that there are public expenditures that are not subject to democratic control!
There are no large farms in my constituency.
The ISS strategy is an essential prerequisite for effective crime prevention and also shows that the European institutions are able to identify key threat potentials and develop strategic options.
That is the right thing to do, and that is exactly what needs to be changed.
For this, there are the anti-discrimination paragraphs in our Treaty, for which there is anti-discrimination legislation, and for that there is the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
I do not believe that it is the Fault of the European Commission that certain things in the development of small and medium-sized enterprises do not proceed as we would all wish.
I myself am extremely sceptical that it will be possible to hold elections in six months' time that meet international standards.
Michael Gahler (PPE).
Matthias Groote (S&D).
We have to think in life cycles – not only regulate what comes out at the rear of the exhaust, but also look at the factory where the car is produced.
That is why it is right that we also see this from the perspective of the competitiveness of our society and our industry.
That is why I am in favour of voting in favour of this proposal today by a large majority.
Damaged oil tankers pose an enormous threat to the marine ecosystem.
I voted in favour of the report because I believe that only agreements of this kind can comply with fishing quotas that benefit both partners.
But when it comes to taxes, it's just too much.
The European Union's macro-financial assistance was introduced in 1990 to provide financial support to third countries with short-term balance of payments difficulties.
The present proposal would eliminate the consultation of the national parliaments and would also lead to a loss of transparency.
I say quite clearly that what happened in the run-up to the Song Contest – the demolition of houses, the expulsion of people from their neighbourhoods, non-compensation, the lack of the rule of law, the beating of protesters, the suppression of freedom of the press, the suppression of religious freedom, the violation of human rights – is unacceptable precisely because Azerbaijan is an important and valuable partner for us.
If a referendum by the right-wing populist Swiss People's Party is currently being held and is being held in Switzerland on the issue of the quota of foreigners, then we are in the middle of a dilemma.
Russia and China, on the other hand, are middle-income countries, and we certainly do not have to worry about their falling out of the GSP.
The fact is that we do not know how Karzai or his successor wants to survive or keep the Taliban at bay.
What did the whole ISAF mission cost, what did it bring?
Thank you, Baroness Ashton, for your incredible endurance, sitting here from 3 p.m. until this evening.
Is there no one in this Europe who says: 'We must show solidarity, we must help make this border safe against illegal refugees'?
That, I think, is the scandal.
I call on you to take your decision back, become European again!
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Not only do subsidies vary greatly in the energy sector, as countries focus on different energy sources – some on environmentally friendly technologies, others on nuclear power – and also in terms of energy infrastructure.
This can only be done through the support and participation of the European Union.
In June 2010, EU leaders finally recognised the need for a more coordinated financial and economic policy for the European Community.
Very well, you have shown courage, you are also confronting Germany with it.
This is where the normal legislative procedure is applied and not, as planned by the Commission, the delegated acts or, as planned by the Council, the implementing acts.
If, however, I do not understand, or only under great difficulty, what is being asked or proposed, then this does not help me any further.
Bernd Posselt, on behalf of the PPE Group.
We already have to provide contract security.
That is why we should leave it.
The second is a separation of network and operator, which we must discuss and in which we have to wait for the Commission's proposal and then see to what extent it is in line with practice.
No one questions the fact that the customs authorities are not suitable for the control of patents.
We should set ourselves clearer objectives here.
Of course, we also set priorities: in 2013, in line with the Digital Agenda for Europe, the ICT Policy Support Programme will be based on greater dissemination and best use of these technologies.
Well, there is certainly one or other detail issue, there will have to be discussion, but I have learned from the compromise negotiations that we have worked very constructively on this beyond the group's borders.
Congratulations, Mr President.
We should put on the table an own-initiative report on each decision with the existing decisions and our demands by the autumn.
It is precisely this second page that, in my view, has been far too short in this report.
Cornelia Ernst (GUE/NGL), question on the blue card procedure.
If we are successful in carrying out the veil investigation, particularly at the borders with the Czech Republic, where one or two drug traffickers are trying not only in a few cases but in many cases to make a transition, Then I think it is a good thing for the German and Czech Interior Ministers to sit down together to solve the problems that exist at the border.
The GROUP of the European People's Party wishes the new President of Egypt, Mohammed Morsi, all the best, and we hope that good cooperation will develop.
But – as you have made clear here today – you want to consciously focus the attention of the rulers on the life situation of the people.
I would have liked to have waited for it, as it could have brought light into the dark.
For the first time, the estimated value of the equivalent genuine products was also reported at more than EUR 1 trillion.
We also have less revenue in the Member States for the transition to a green economy, because emissions trading was also intended to use revenue there.
Michael Theurer (ALDE).
Unfortunately, it is not widely known in society how standards are developed.
In addition, doctors, patients and authorities need to know in good time , i.e. as soon as possible, when and why a medicinal product deemed to be safe until then is withdrawn from the market.
This also threatens the failure of the Schengen system as a whole.
In particular, as far as cross-border education is concerned, it would be necessary to consider how, in particular, young people could be financially supported during their training.
Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
It also means that there is not enough time and strength in the central government offices in Europe to deal with the many pressing foreign policy problems.
These laws are tendentious and deliberately vague in order to open the door to arbitrary justice.
Our one-sided efforts and cooperations, modernizations seem more like a change through bidding.
That was the problem that there were inconsistencies.
With the very rapid agreement reached at first reading, we have now overcome some of the arguments and concerns of some players in the European internal market.
Parliament has been pushing.
It is likely that visible renovation measures on the market place, the renovation of half-timbered houses and paving stones, or more employees in childcare and care for the elderly are more important.
And we have concrete plans in larger European regions on how to develop the networks in the coming years.
What is at stake now is that national regulation provides sufficient incentives and that energy policy provides sufficient planning certainty.
Why?
The majority of Member States have far higher taxes.
Manfred Weber, on behalf of the PPE Group.
You have spoken several times, not today, of a parliamentary coup.
And for the last seven months there has been nothing on the part of the governments of the Member States that will meet us, nothing that will ensure the stability of the systems in the future.
Parliamentary democracy at European level belongs to democracy and is an essential part of it.
This shows that europe can also be built with courage and clear decisions, although certain limits have been drawn.
That is why the european social state model can only be further developed if we now give it birth again in those states where it no longer exists.
Peter Jahr (PPE).
I therefore voted in favour of the report.
Renate Sommer (PPE).
I would like to express my thanks to the rapporteur, because these were really very difficult negotiations, in which we also took different paths at the beginning.
We must now monitor closely whether the directive has succeeded in significantly reducing the number of audiovisual works in the European Union which cannot be used in practice because of legal ambiguity.
It is our moral responsibility to protect these girls and give them a better future.
The European Year therefore offers a great opportunity to bring the European project closer to the citizens and to contribute to the building of a European public.
As part of the objective of a single European transport area, the creation of a single European sky is essential.
We must use the EUR 5.3 million now made available from the European Union to train those affected and thus offer them new perspectives.
Britta Reimers (ALDE), in writing.
Jan Philipp Albrecht, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
Eva Lichtenberger (Verts/ALE).
The new proposal was announced for this year, but we still see that there is no added value for this regulation, partly because there are different implementations in the Member States and because indefinite legal terms open the door to abuse of this regulation.
It is very welcome that the Commission has come to the conclusion that the 2005 directive needs to be amended.
Apart from that, we are calling for a Europe-wide ban on suspected data retention of connection data.
Helmut Scholz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
– the interim report by Reimer Böge and Ivailo Kalfin, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets, in the interest of a positive outcome of the approval procedure for the Multiannual Financial Framework for the years 2014-2020 (COM(2011)0398 – 2011/0177(APP)) (A7-0313/2012) and
It cannot be that we have successes such as Erasmus, with 2.5 million students, and possibly have to be cut there because we want to keep other things in cohesion or agricultural policy.
But not at all costs!
The joint debate is closed.
At this point, I would like once again to ask the Member States to treat each other fairly, because it simply cannot be that the Member States are almost always wearing two jackets.
However, I would like to suggest a few additions.
At this point, however, I would also like to thank the non-governmental organisations.
Member States should be able, in accordance with their structures, to make appropriate adjustments.
But what we definitely don't need are bets that dramatically drive up food and production prices.
In the future, customers will receive a complete list of costs and be informed about the entire range of products.
If we have something to learn from before 2008, it is that financial markets have become independent and no longer generate added value for the real economy, which we have experienced painfully in recent years.
Every year, many migrant workers are killed in this region due to a lack of safety standards.
This provides that in the event of damage in connection with strikes, the law of the place of industrial action must be applied.
Here we come to an essential problem: mutual recognition.
It will also be sent to Parliament and the Council.
But it is not true that we are now acting as if we could ban this, because article 194 of the Treaty does not allow this to happen.
These potentials, these production volumes will decline significantly over the next 15 to 20 years.
It is very clear that Poland would like to do so, and under the Treaties we do not have the responsibility to ban it.
Nevertheless, my question to you is this: if you are again talking about the fact that too little has been done for growth, and if you look at the decades in which Portugal has received billions of euros from net contributors, would you say that they have been fully invested wisely – when I think of parallel motorways – or that there have been many misallocations?
We are in a very dramatic situation in which we collectively know that we need a strong Europe, but more and more citizens are turning away from this Europe of the Council and the Commission for understandable fear – the previous speakers mentioned the reasons – because they do not see themselves represented and because, in fact, they see the European Union more as a banking union than as a democratic Union.
Earlier this week, the UK and Germany did not sign the Memorandum of Understanding for the implementation of a European strategic air transport and participation initiative.
In order to take into account Kazakhstan's vital role in the region, in political, economic and geostrategic terms, both sides want to deepen cooperation.
The salmon, which has its habitat especially in the Gulf of Bothnia and in the middle basin of the Baltic Sea, must of course also be used for its spawning sites.
But I say this quite deliberately: I hope that the Egyptians have a chance to create peace, a peace in this region that so desperately needs peace.
That is what I am writing to Mr Callanan and Mr Farage!
(Applause)
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 149(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
However, this Parliament continues to insist on its demand: we want a clearly visible trend of an improving error rate in the implementation of the EU budget, and we will not accept that.
I would like to say to the Commission that it is nice to say that you accept this and do not.
If this creates a serious political conflict, we are jeopardising the trade relations of polysilicon producers, but also exports from other sectors.
What I do not understand, however, is when we begin to debate here and say things that are not true.
Any form of nationalisation would have made it impossible for workers' rights to be restricted.
I am glad that we have reached the supplementary budget.
Eva Lichtenberger (Verts/ALE), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
The problems in detail that then occupied us the most with this law were essentially three:
Instead, none of this, but you, as the Commission, have the right to decide on noise and what consequences will be drawn from it.
The size and equipment standards of the trucks must be adapted to the load.
After all, the EU is the main investor and the second largest trading partner in Central America and the most important donor of development aid.
A trade agreement between the EU and Colombia and Peru was concluded in 2012.
Freedom of faith must be applied as a universal human right to all faiths.
Now, in the crisis of the European Union, to act as if we could adopt a dominant world-power-like approach against the European Union – I believe that this attitude of the last few months should be a little removed.
Commissioner, I do not think that this is an ambitious agenda, because that is already on the table.
It is a great pleasure for me to welcome you to the European Parliament here in Strasbourg on the occasion of our small ceremony to award the Nobel Peace Prize to the European Union.
(Applause)
(Strong applause)
Although there are some hesitant approaches to financial market regulation, they remain ultimately inconsistent.
Udo Bullmann (S&D).
What, then, is the proposal that the Member States should conclude treaties with European institutions?
I read a speech by Mr Rehn in a major German daily newspaper in which he said: "Yes, we need more flexibility in the Stability and Growth Pact."
Elmar Brok (PPE).
Moreover, the EU itself is not sufficiently democratically legitimised in its construction.
Finally, how can we keep the people of Europe healthy?
If it were possible for every SME to create a job, we would have solved our problem.
And that is why we see that this alone cannot create growth in Europe, but that it is now a matter of ensuring that the measures introduced as laws are applied properly in the end.
I'm sorry.
Again, I would like to thank you for your support.
I would like to point out once again that the citizen is not an incident in the administration's operation, but those for whom the whole thing exists.
Puts it in the trap of too big to fail, in the question of the separation banking system, in the shadow banks, where eur 23 trillion is still at stake every year in the European Union alone, in the redeployment gains, that the debt now lies with the central banks and no longer with the banks and insurance companies.
This cannot be reconciled with the democratic model of Europe, because it loses popular acceptance.
Let us go further in this direction, let us pursue this and do the right thing for the people of Europe!
It is the people who rely on medicines in hospitals for which the money is not available.
However, it also has a control function in the sense that Europe' s industrial location, services in Europe, the real economy in Europe will be strengthened, and not those products that fit better in a casino than in europe's economy.
It comes from the so active lobbyists of the German credit industry with their position paper, which has been presented to us.
And all of a sudden he says i don't want to know about it anymore, I just interpret it differently, I decide how laws are interpreted, I don't care about the Council, I don't care about Parliament, I do what I want.
We must tackle this together.
On behalf of my group, I would also like to thank you for the great openness with which you spoke to us during our visits about the wonderful and long history of your home island.
Nothing has been done to overcome this terrible trace of recent history, namely the division through a genuine border in Cyprus.
It is a real tragedy to lose loved ones through such events.
The triad is right.
I, too, believe that we need to make a very precise distinction between the interim EPO and a proper EPO.
With the Treaty of Lisbon, European energy policy was given an independent legal basis in primary law for the first time.
still the largest shares.
It is clear to me that imports from third countries must be subject to equivalent production, environmental and social standards as for EU products.
There must be uniform rules!
Alexander Alvaro (ALDE).
We must and will abide by legally binding obligations, and we have to finance them.
Alexander Alvaro (ALDE), question about the procedure of the blue card.
This is written in the master book of all those who regard CSR primarily as an advertising medium without a real background and want to abuse it for this purpose.
I think we can be proud that, in long negotiations, we have been able to evaporate this incredible amount of text, behind which so many different, not always compatible ideas are hiding, into 100 compromises.
He does so in his capacity as head of state.
Will the drastic reductions in public spending be stopped as well as, for example, the sale of public property?
Karl-Heinz Florenz, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
I say to you that I would not do so even if Parliament adopted it, because it would be an illegal decision.
The main thing is that the gas arrives cleanly in Lubmin near Greifswald, then we don't care about the environmental hazards in Siberia and the Arctic and the working conditions – out of sight, out of mind!
Our demand must be that we meet a high standard, that we bring high quality.
And anyone who thinks that the country needs a certain amount of support must then honestly define this as a social policy and accommodate it.
If we were to make the mistake of requiring 7% and more EFA, too many areas would have to be taken out of production and, consequently, we would have to import additional food – which would also cause food prices to explode in developing countries.
Helmut Scholz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
The basic structure dates back to a time when Parliament had only a consultative role.
I would like to mention one more point: we proposed 2015 as the European Year of Integration, and tomorrow we will change that to 2016 with an oral amendment.
During a trip by the delegation for relations with the Mashreq countries, I was able to see on the ground the dramatic humanitarian situation in Lebanon, particularly in the camps, where only about 300 000 refugees are registered.
Otherwise, we run the risk that this fund will not be able to fulfil its task.
Then we can prepare and follow them up, and there will be no travelling circus of councils, media and parliamentarians.
The EU's payments to farms are a vital source of income.
That is why the Silvia Costa report is now on the table.
That is true.
And then we get to work, and then we have to convince the third countries.
However, the success of certificate trading remains questionable, even if all fraud and tricks are eliminated.
The Commission is now making a statement saying that it wants to look at the Member States' fingers, but the Member States should at last be so fair to tie up the money from emissions trading.
The question now is whether we have to sue you specifically in Luxembourg for the answers, or whether you might be able to get through to at least answer these questions and put the answers on the homepage.
In the field of translation, for example, some EUR 29 million has been saved.
That is why we have deliberately chosen the instrument of an interim report, and I very much regret that there is yawning emptiness on the Council side, because this resolution is not addressed to the Commission, but to the Council.
This is a great success for Europe!
Climate protection is a very important matter.
More competition is simply the wrong approach.
For this reason, the German SPD group voted against the Zasada report.
In this case, as so often happens, the devil is in the detail.
this is especially true when the EU interferes too much in domestic affairs.
With all due respect for your leadership, I would like to mention a few points that seem a little strange to me: first of all, i do not understand your mix of Members in relation to 4:1.
I recommend you to ...
I believe that the opening of five to six negotiating chapters – one amendment calls for another – is totally inappropriate in view of the situation in Turkey and also in view of Turkey's attitude towards the European Union.
That is the case.
That is why we are clearly protesting against any form of suppression of freedom of religion and expression!
But an unbalanced, one-sided indictment of our Kazakh partners, often based on unsafe sources, is not helpful either to Kazakhstan or to ourselves.
On 8 April 2013, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych signed a new law facilitating the entry of EU citizens into Ukraine.
We continue to strongly support Croatia's early membership of the EU.
Anyone who accepts other countries in such a situation acts irresponsibly and puts Europe as a whole at risk.
80% of the Austrian population is stable against Turkey's accession.
The following amendments have been requested to this draft:
And then it is a question of making the whole thing cost-effective, that is to say, making a contribution through wise development, that electricity remains affordable and therefore does not cause social dislocation, and that electricity remains affordable for industrial jobs and that there is no need for industrial relocation to other regions of the world.
We have best practice, very high operational standards, which must be respected by all companies, and we also have a duty for Member States that are not themselves residents to ensure that, if they have companies operating outside Europe, these companies also apply the relevant requirements outside the territory.
I believe that this will enable Europe to draw the necessary conclusions from numerous accidents in recent years and decades.
All in all, I would like to say to my colleague that it is a very balanced and very objective report.
All of this is happening in an economic situation in which we are experiencing an economic decline in many countries, which often also affects the industrial sectors.
It is a barely acceptable concentration of power that is being packed here on the ECB.
However, as you have put it, Commissioner, and those who are responsible for it, you run the enormous risk that the ECB, in its public perception, will become a successor to what the Versailles Treaties used to stand for in Germany, and that, at the moment when the ECB is acting out of its power, the outcry will come: this is not necessary for our bank, and it is my contribution.
That everything is not regulated at all and that 10% has been made technocratic so far.
We must note that the scope of this single supervisor is, of course, very limited, namely to only 135 to about 150 institutions.
– the oral question to the Commission on the implementation of the Stockholm programme and the area of freedom, security and justice by Klaus-Heiner Lehne, on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs, by Juan Fernando López Aguilar, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, and by Carlo Casini, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs (2013/2617(RSP)) (O-000047/2013–B7-07-07)
(The President cut off the speaker))
Austria has foundation rules that invite the rich to tax evasion under Austrian law.
Sven Giegold (Verts/ALE).
Consequently, the EU should leave responsibility to the countries here.
The EU industrial sector has weakened over the last 50 years (current share 16%), and the development of regional strategies for former industrial areas is necessary.
I believe that we should learn from the way we have conducted negotiations in the past.
However, if we negotiate something, it is also necessary to include the question of investors' social responsibility, i.e. to integrate CSR.
What can we do with Sixpack, with Twopack and with everything there is?
Ulrike Lunacek (Verts/ALE).
The issue of banking supervision has been very controversial not only in the European Parliament but also in the Member States.
The question of the inclusion of ISDS should be assessed in any international investment protection agreement, depending on the respective framework conditions.
Josef Weidenholzer (S&D), in writing.
but also when it comes to the protection of the settlement area, the protection of man from natural disasters and the forces of nature, which are certainly more pronounced on the mountain than in the plain.
Eva Lichtenberger (Verts/ALE), question about the procedure of the "blue card".
Mr Claeys, I had, of course, just asked if there were any comments on Wednesday.
The debate is closed.
But I can't say that out loud now.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
This means a significant improvement in legal certainty and a fairly equal level of regulation.
But I do not want to hide the fact that I am relatively sceptical that these regulations that we have adopted really solve the problem of corruption in the world.
Britta Reimers, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
They would get these shares from Germany for their plates.
It will be decided in the next few days and weeks which direction Mr Erdoğan will take with his AKP.
Hannes Swoboda (S&D), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
Mali is a rich country.
It's not that surprising.
The states are bankrupt.
On the contrary, there is a need for very differentiated approaches, since the respective conditions vary from member state to member state.
We voted in a completely different way and, as you know, trialogue negotiations are currently under way.
This includes, of course, consistent action against illegal fishing.
This is about poverty reduction and development cooperation.
On the other hand, it is of course important to say that data protection is also important and that, in the case of electronic mail, it may be necessary to consider EU-wide safety standards.
That is why I very much welcome the report on the broader transatlantic partnership.
Bernd Posselt (PPE).
But one thing is clear: Member States are now complaining that this External Action Service is too expensive.
(Heckling)
What is also new about this directive is the fact that measurement methods have been changed, which also focus in particular on biota.
Woman
The safety of water and the health of our ecosystems is central to the European Union and must undoubtedly be a priority.
The bioeconomy is a suitable method for optimising the production cycle and reducing greenhouse gases at the same time.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
They depend on the tolerance of right-wing radicals.
I do not want to talk about the tens of thousands of volunteer firefighters who were on duty day and night.
We also need this determination from the heads of government of the 11 Member States!
We must continue to allow this to happen!
Nevertheless, the separation of banking activities in the US (Volcker) and the UK (Vickers) is considered sensible.
In reality, it is a global eavesdropping attack.
Mr Provera, I have a question for you.
That is why I strongly support the proposal that, in the future, political parties should declare before the elections who their candidate is for president of the Commission, and that afterwards only people will be elected and will be elected by the European Parliament in the light of the results of the elections, who were also previously candidates on the ballot papers.
The next item on the agenda is the debate on the Statements by the Council and the Commission on the programme of activities of the Lithuanian Presidency (2012/2800(RSP)).
There are also identified gaps in alerting, risk assessment and crisis management.
That is my first question.
Today, important socio-political choices must be set in motion so that we do not get the normative power of the de facto.
Both are, however, undisputedly able to become door guards who decide which content is or will be found in the public domain and which are not.
Sales of € 16 billion and the creation of an additional 4.4 million jobs worldwide are expected by 2016.
Then living together can also be successful.
I see Mrs Trautmann, who has worked hard on how we can simplify roaming.
But it is a bit strange to set the deadline at 4 p.m. when we have the group meeting at 4 p.m.
That would be more democratic, because I would like to discuss with the group how things should go.
And by the way, ILUC is already being used by such green militants as California and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and the Brazilian government is also introducing ILUC factors.
And we need ILUC, because otherwise a banker, another investor will say: What is after 2020?
Our Connecting Europe strategy – we will present in October our strategic pipelines that Europe needs – adds momentum to this competition.
They will expire next summer.
We currently have an emerging debate on capacity mechanisms and backup strategies in the electricity sector.
This would compensate for all price increases for green electricity.
Today we have a large number of trading platforms and today we have financial instruments that were not even known ten years ago.
Josef Weidenholzer (S&D), in writing.
Here, we have decided by a large majority to protect the independence of journalists from internal pressure from publishers, publishers or owners, as well as from external political pressure.
In addition to continuing attacks by the Muslim Brotherhood in northern Egypt – 35 Coptic churches have been attacked in recent weeks, numerous houses have been destroyed, and there have also been fatalities – saudi money must now be expected to strengthen the Salafists.
Secondly, we must not provide for retroactive application of the Protocol.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Commission and Parliament have a common guideline: by an overwhelming majority in this House and certainly unanimously in the Commission, the Community method is the guiding principle of action in the European Union.
Millions of people are still suffering from the consequences of the crisis.
And on the realistic description: – I am really grateful to President Barroso today – he has given a realistic description.
If the Syrian regime actually has the chemical weapons arsenal from which the intelligence services are based, then the implementation will, however, become a highly problematic story.
There is more complicated voting;
The completely uncoordinated action in Libya, Mali or currently in the Syrian crisis reveals the EU's weaknesses and opens the door for non-European powers such as the US to hire individual Member States as vassals.
It is essential to ensure that taxpayers are better protected, that morale in financial markets is restored, and that public debates are initiated in order to rebuild confidence in political action.
This would create the condition that the partners of such an agreement, i.e. also the employees, can effectively enforce their claims under such agreements effectively.
I believe that this is an important question.
This CO2 consideration has flooded our entire CO2 system in recent years.
We must not cut off the branch on which we sit!
And I believe that Europe has already set up a great deal to act here.
There is also some fairness in the discussion.
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 149(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
There is no fish left for local small-scale fishermen.
This does not mean that I do not think smoking is harmful.
The elimination of the large number of bilateral investment agreements between EU Member States and China is sensible.
And it is true that this does not really matter much for Russia, they can also get their milk from elsewhere.
But if there are really clear and clear proposals, then there is no problem.
In the United States it is nine hours during the night.
Perhaps you can explain why this is the case today.
But it is clear that IT systems also need employees.
That is why we are quickly at the limits of what can be expected in the College to other colleagues who also have tasks – and, incidentally, your colleagues in other specialist committees, which have different priorities.
He deserves thanks and recognition for that.
Anyone who likes to smoke menthol or slim cigarettes should be allowed to continue to do so.
Everyone has only one health.
I share the Commission's view that the 25-year-old directive must be adapted to the new circumstances and environmental impact factors.
Only where there are weaknesses should it be improved.
We must tackle the problem at the root and change the framework conditions in the medium term so that people can stay in their countries, that they have the political and economic conditions and are not forced to migrate across Africa in order to find a way out.
The SWIFT programme should therefore be suspended until further notice.
Dual vocational training systems are an essential factor in successfully integrating young people into the labour market, they are practical and need-based.
Pakistan has signed the UN Convention on Human Rights, which includes the guarantee of freedom of religion.
The right to petition is a very important instrument of the democratic process and enshrined in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
This means that almost every food contains this toxic substance.
The guiding principle of Wilfried Martens, however, has always been that the contribution of the national states in post-war Europe must be to overcome the divide in this continent through the cooperation of states and peoples across borders, because we received from him the message "Together Europe is strong".
Jan Philipp Albrecht (Verts/ALE).
The creation of the portal in 2010 marked a milestone in cross-border electronic legal transactions.
On the one hand, some Member States denounce poverty immigration.
For example, the competent authority in Germany, the Paul Ehrlich Institute, has found that for years an HIV test with CE marking was on the market, which had significantly more false-negative results than other tests.
They are a great symbol of freedom and democracy!
Angelika Werthmann (ALDE), in writing.
To this end, specific solutions and regional approaches are proposed.
In view of the budgetary situation in the European Union, this could be supported on all sides.
Other actors, such as the Supreme Court, are also called upon to make a clear commitment to holding elections within the meaning of the Constitution.
We have 50% youth unemployment there.
Mr Callanan, what you call an ancient agenda is, first and foremost, people's dream of being able to live in dignity and on an equal footing.
But please, give us clear answers!
That is why I voted in favour of this motion.
It is quite significant that, in addition to the supplementary budget of EUR 3.9 billion, there is a hole in the EU coffers of EUR 2.7 billion.
In this sense, a few adjustments to the existing rules seem sensible, and of course the number of disputes should not be adversely affected by this.
I abstained because, on the one hand, I naturally believe that there is an urgent need to put an end to organised crime, but I do not have the right approach to it.
The focus is on security, solidarity and prosperity, which must be provided to each other.
I would just like to make two comments.
Where, if not here in Parliament, should it be made clear what this whole scandal is all about?
ERASMUS is preserved.
It is therefore good that Mrs Vălean has prevailed with her idea that most of the money from CEF energy must be used as a guarantee through the European Investment Bank, because we can afford so much more.
And yet – both taken together and complemented by a number of ongoing legislative procedures, I am optimistic.
Only then did the Commission, together with the Member States, establish the criteria on the basis of a methodology.
According to the International Red Cross, 22 000 people are still missing;
We have waited a long time for this decision.
In this respect, it is high time to change this!
May I therefore ask you, first of all, to note that the figures that you find in this report are the official figures of this Parliament, which the Secretariat-General of this House recently provided precisely on this issue?
What do I mean by "for all of us"?
Next time, in December, my report on space economic policy will be voted on in plenary.
And it is important to stress this once again that this is also a turning point in the time of European support programmes, because the very new, important and above all relevant aspects of economic growth in Europe are put to the fore.
This applies to the research institutions and, in particular, to the companies themselves.
So it's about getting entrepreneurs out of criminalisation.
It should be clear that subsidies for large landowners should be radically reduced.
Billions of euros are often invested in dubious channels, so these investments are basically a barrel without soil.
The next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on fair justice in Bolivia, in particular the cases of Előd Tóásó and Mario Tadic(1).
So your statement is wrong!
In fact, the question of credibility is justified, but I have already spoken to him very intensively and have him show me the legal bases.
We can draw our conclusions from this and then we can act accordingly and draw up new regulations where necessary.
For the first time, I would also like to thank the Court very warmly for this very impressive annual report.
The fact is that the increase from 3.9% to 4.8% is not a success story.
The more errors the Commission detects, the less Member States can benefit from European funds.
This report aims to establish an action programme for taxation in the European Union for the period 2014-2020.
Unfortunately, hardly any new approaches have been created to improve the conditions for decision-making.
The human body or parts thereof must not be monopolised for research or commercial purposes.
Further funding will be provided for the European Youth Initiative.
- the recommendation for the second reading of the Committee on Fisheries on the Position of the Council at first reading with a view to the adoption of the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the common fisheries policy and amending Regulations (EC) No 1954/2003 and (EC) No 1224/2009 and repealing Council Regulations (EC) No 2371/2002 and (EC) No 639/2004 and Decision
to express our condolences to the people of the country, but also to convey our solidarity.
There are no good Members and no bad Members.
It is unusual for a group leader to ask her colleague, but I would like to ask again, Werner Schulz: the elected politicians of Ukraine are at the round table.
However, there is always a certain credibility problem in the Union.
In time for Christmas, we will receive a small gift, namely the decision on the instruments for foreign policy.
But I have to mention a shortcoming: how long did it take to get the money out of the disaster fund?
If we do not change that, we will find it increasingly difficult to convince the citizens of the European project.
I think it is a shame, because we could have done a lot more.
The Commission wanted only one bank in each Member State.
Gesine Meissner, rapporteur.
But instead of presenting an action plan with timetables and benchmarks or excluding Pakistan from GSP+, the Commission simply has a note for the index box.
This, too, is a package solution in the midst of completely different measures, which I hope we will also reject tomorrow.
The division of labour here, bringing things together, is of crucial importance.
If you are complete – point, point, point – many voters wonder.
That is why I expressly agree with the view that the European Union is not only an event of economic success, but that economic success must also be socially embedded.
The next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on the situation in the Central African Republic(1).
I think you have to do that in a personal conversation.
The next item on the agenda is the election of vice-presidents of the European Parliament.
Corina Creţu: 406 votes
Ildikó Gáll-Pelcz: 400 votes
They do not need more money and more spending, but they need more ideas, more innovation, more technology, more willingness and risk to innovate.
With the personnel package that has been put together here, and where a Mr Juncker today ...
The next item on the agenda is voting time.
On behalf of my group, I would like to ask that we not only have a debate with the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy on the situation in Israel and Palestine on Wednesday afternoon, but that we also adopt a resolution on this.
Something has to be done, this economic course must change, also in the interests of Lithuanians.
Jutta Steinruck (S&D), in writing.
What does that mean?
I also know that this is not possible under the current Treaties.
Bernd Lange (S&D).
What, for God's sake, is Hamas' goal, if not aggression, terror and the destruction of Israel?
I think it is important that this complexity is finally absorbed in this House and that we talk about what the partners are for peace on both sides, to deal with these partners and to play a helping role as a Parliament, not the one that simply transports and reflects the conflict.
The only way a government can try to make it easier for companies that create jobs for young people is to give them more flexibility in exchange rates.
What is needed is a root cause analysis.
I mean, we should ...
The election will take place during the January 2015 plenary session.
Because I do not know myself in Ireland, the Irish are not in Germany, the French are not in Great Britain – how can the consumer develop any security in an international digital market?
But we in the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats want to do everything we can to ensure that this programme succeeds, because it not only brings clear rules, but also real opportunities for new growth.
This must be the primary objective, because that is the guarantee that there is justice in this area as well.
We are talking about the digital single market, but we do not have it yet.
I honestly do not understand why, when Parliament receives the text on 6 August, you have still not published this text and have just said that you will do so in a few days' time.
CETA and subsequently other agreements such as TTIP and TISA, if concluded, have far-reaching consequences for millions of people in the EU and the world.
The next item on the agenda is voting time.
Is there scope for investigation here when the machines land?
This means that flexibility can only be granted in exceptional circumstances.
Joachim Starbatty (ECR).
You want to have everything at the same time and do not interfere with the contradictions of what you are presenting here.
If private investors are now shying away from investment, they are doing so because it seems that there is no prospect of returns for these investments.
But that is because we have these transnational structures.
Will it change anything, including in dealing with the strategic partner Russia?
This request has been supported by Mrs Björk.
Before we conclude the debate, allow me to say a word to you, Mr President, and to the Members of the Commission.
Today we have the solidarity of the ESM.
Bernd Kölmel, on behalf of the ECR Group.
The European Parliament's budget is completely normal.
Jens Geier (S&D).
There are two camps in this house.
Of course, if there are violations, we must take action against it.
To date, there is not a single infringement that has been proven here.
Only in this way can Europe overcome the crisis.
Addressed to the Turkish Government, this means that all people fleeing the embattled Kobane region must be welcomed.
Mr Buonanno, you have one minute to make a point of order.
Nevertheless, the start of this Commission is a sign of hope.
Today, in view of the figures, the exact opposite is manifested.
I believe that it is very important to hear this call from Europe.
Manfred Weber, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Secondly, I would like to know briefly whether it is true whether you can confirm that the Commission's cooperation with Luxembourg has improved from the moment you were no longer Prime Minister.
So far, you have said a common tax base and referred to the Commission's proposal.
That is why it is indeed very important to enforce international law.
We want this clarification!
This report here in the European Parliament alone will not satisfy any child in this world.
The debate is closed.
Why is there no longer a mandatory SME test?
The cause of migration is poverty in the world.
As far as colleagues from the far right are concerned, more Europe is needed here.
The honourable Member has said that there are no concrete proposals, improvements, targets, a timeframe, precisely because we are constantly faced with new challenges due to technological changes, including new forms of work, new forms of disease.
What then should be explicit children's rights?
The world often expects positive news from both the European Union and the G20 countries.
It would be downright negligent to allow for new business models, only to be surprised to discover later that they are causing market distortions.
Member States should join the Fund, thereby further strengthening its performance.
But there is another strange thing: it is a deliberate misinformation of the public that the size of the investment programme is defrauding EUR 315 billion.
I believe that Parliament has decided something wise in this respect, but that does not belong to Lima.
Since 2000, Europe has reduced its CO2 emissions by almost 10%, but global emissions have increased by 36% over the same period.
Josef Weidenholzer, author.
We must prevent this, and the EU must prevent this.
Mr Arnott, you made a point of order.
We have expectations of this Commission.
We also expect the necessary changes and reforms in the rule of law and in the state administration.
Helmut Scholz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
Even this winter will be hard enough.
The Council of Member States does not implement this common economic policy, but leaves Mr Draghi in the rain at the ECB.
But we have not seen anything like that.
Firstly, torture belongs to the Middle Ages or to states of injustice, but not to 21st century states of law.
But I ask: why do the most ambitious free trade agreements between the European Union and Georgia contain phrases such as 'concerning the integration of Georgia into NATO', which not only mention a country that is not involved in this agreement, namely Russia, but also discuss its role in the South Caucasus and its attitude to international law, which, in a free trade agreement between the European Union and Georgia, address a country that is not involved in this treaty in its role with Georgia?
This is important in order to promote dialogue and to bind us closer together.
Yes!
Please think carefully about it!
(The speaker agreed to reply to another Member's question in accordance with Rule 162(8) of the CRP).
However, we do not need to go so far as to look into Sudan, because on 14 December of this year, 31 people were arrested in Turkey, many of them journalists.
There we have alternatives available that are much more cost-effective, which are already working today and that can make a difference in combination with smart networks.
Today we are discussing a proposal for a Regulation from the European Commission aimed at motivating foreign countries to open up their public procurement markets to European Union suppliers.
I am once again very grateful to all colleagues and all the staff for this.
Mr President, do you really agree with what Mr Peterle said, for example, that pollen must of course be defined as an ingredient because of the transparency for the consumer regarding GMOs?
We therefore support Mrs Girling in confirming this in this Commission proposal.
The next item is the debate on the report by Monica Luisa Macovei, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on the proposal for a Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Hercule III programme to promote measures to protect the financial interests of the European Union (COM(2011)0914 - C7-0513/2011 - 2011/0454(COD)) (A7-0385/2011 - 2011/0454(COD))
I was astonished – and I am afraid I must be back tonight – that we worked very closely together and then on the last day an e-mail came from the Group of the Party of European Socialists that the report could not be approved in committee, because we want to go further in the area of the exchange of confidential data relating to possible physical claims.
However, if it is intended to ensure that EU social legislation is complied with, then we should also focus it on those who are really affected by driving and rest periods.
Some people pretend that industrial policy is only about reducing energy costs and demanding deregulation.
Madam President, your Presidency, which was otherwise very professional and accurate, will always be linked to the failure of efforts to reach an association agreement with Ukraine at the Vilnius Summit.
This is a very modest programme, considering the purpose: safe products and services for our European consumers.
I have one point of criticism: that is administrative expenditure.
I must confess that I am very sceptical about this report, including this technology.
Finally, we must not lose sight of efficiency.
The new legislation explicitly allows for the first time to rely on quality labels or labels in the procurement process.
And you have to be present in the discussions, otherwise you cannot take these concerns into account.
The concession directive was a difficult birth.
Once again, the EU has had to give in to pressure from the WTO.
It threatens to become a racist debate against Sinti and Roma!
If the Commission itself admits data protection deficiencies with regard to Safe Harbor, I urge them to consistently suspend or renegotiate the agreement in the interests of the citizens.
The second reason we want to cancel safe harbour is the hope that Washington understands that, as Europeans, we are serious about changing the partnership, that we are serious about washington having to change direction, that Washington needs to rethink, and that we make it clear that we no longer accept that there are citizens – or rather consumers – first and second class, that there is a distinction between Europeans and Americans on the issue of data standards.
That is why what we are discussing here today is a very positive signal of further development in the unification of Europe: the start of accession negotiations with Serbia, support for the agreement on the normalisation of relations between Belgrade and Priština – two positive signals that we welcome.
What kind of hypocrisy is this, if we want to have a debate here, if the Commission wants to pull the strings, but in reality only wants to stamp out the two-fold defeat in this scandalous Estrela report?
As a result, there was also the Commission's Erika III package, quite rightly.
What i am particularly pleased about is that the Austrian initiative mentions austria twice as a positive example: once because of its training guarantee, an example of a successful strategy to reduce school dropouts, and secondly because of its high potential for innovation.
But that is no wonder, after all, there are repeated attacks on Serbian monasteries or the desecration of Serbian cemeteries, and the Serbian minority, which must live under Albanian sovereignty against its will, is facing serious threats in its future.
For once again, in the Committee on Legal Affairs, we have dealt with an issue that may not be so ideological, which does not necessarily seem so spectacular at first sight, but which is certainly relevant to the everyday lives of citizens, namely that it can save them costs, and that is something where we are all naturally happy to engage.
I therefore invite you, honourable Members, to stand on the side of fundamental rights tomorrow and stand up for the citizens when it comes to voting on the amendments as well.
I believe that we must fight hard on these issues.
Andreas Schwab (PPE).
More territorial licences are now possible, making it easier to offer online music services in the European single market.
Tougher penalties should ensure in the future that financial fraudsters have to take full responsibility for their misconduct.
However, the problem of judicial independence arises in this context.
The report's goal of not making parcel shipping a bottleneck in the online retail supply chain, which is expected to grow above average in the coming years, can generally be seen positively.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Ultimately, we have common interests.
Monika Hohlmeier (PPE).
Contrary to public reports, the coastguard's report is not frontex's conclusion, but the presentation of the Greek authorities.
So let us look at sustainability, the longer-term consequences of our decisions, and not the short-term success!
We also have compensation for delays measured at the airport of arrival and not at the departure airport, so that it is actually fully compensated for by the connecting delays.
(The President cut off the speaker))
The rights of passengers and the rights of consumers must not depend on whether you have booked a single flight or a transfer flight, because there is no other option but to book a transfer flight.
For more than 26 million passengers departing and landing annually in Austria alone, there will be more and faster damages and simplified complaints procedures in the event of delays and cancellations.
The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina has not improved in any way 15 years after the end of the war: high unemployment, expressed in recent days in protests by the Bosnian people against the government, corruption and the Treaty of Dayton, which has not brought lasting peace to the country.
This would be a step backwards for European climate policy.
And that is exactly what the banks did in the last crisis.
There is certainly a deep socio-economic conflict between urban elites and rural regions.
The fact is, however, that there has been no movement in the Council, neither with regard to the intergovernmental agreements nor with regard to the decision-making processes in the case of resolution.
Since 2011, 27 journalists and 98 citizen journalists have been killed in Syria.
For me, the freedom that we maintain in the European Union and which we always want to live for our citizens is also vitally linked to mobility – including the opportunity for individual mobility from point to point.
It serves not only to protect the producer, but also to protect the consumer.
Because if you read the reports on the railways today, these are the weak points.
I don't want that.
No, we do not want another cut of 5[nbsp ]% and the creation of a so-called redeployment pool for agencies only.
Only – access to and use of the data generated by the vehicle must be regulated individually by contract.
We have to look at this: more than 30[nbsp]years ago, the first trials were made for eCall, for emergency call systems for vehicles.
This reminds me a bit of the former COMECON countries, which have simply joined the planned economy and said yes and amen to everything.
I can do that, Mrs Zimmer.
Since our second republic has existed, voluntary service has been and continues to be the backbone of our state and also of our culture of solidarity.
At the same time, cross-subsidisation is now much more difficult, i.e. how should öBB's non-profitable routes, which are operated on the basis of public interest, continue to be financed without incurring debt?
The messages will also be collected in a database, which is a commendable approach, but particular attention must nevertheless be paid to data protection.
This is where the technological foundation for monitoring the movements of our citizens is laid.
People have also increasingly focused on the question of the rule of law, avoidance of arbitrariness, freedom.
People are exposed to arbitrariness and constant fear of attack.
We have dedicated ourselves to the certification system, which has been strengthened in the area of efficiency.
About 94[nbsp]percent of all smokers start before the age of 25.
These tobacco industry practices, which deliberately attract young people, will therefore be banned from 2017 and 2020, respectively.
The present directive must also be rejected, because I cannot in any way endorse the EU's consumer image, which has in mind an incompetent citizen whose consumption the EU wants to standardise in European law.
Angelika Werthmann (ALDE), in writing.
Mrs Estrela, I would like to ask you why so few women are women entrepreneurs.
Torture is one of the most horrific forms of human rights violations, especially – but not exclusively – used in times of war.
Torture is one of the most horrific forms of human rights violations, especially – but not exclusively – used in times of war.
As a binding citizen's will – enforced by the European Parliament.
He's now paying for it, he's now in Russia and he doesn't know how his life goes on.
Answer to a question about the blue card procedure
And the other is that if asylum is not granted, then there would also be the possibility of giving Witness Protection to Mr Snowden as a whistleblower, who he is well aware of, and to bring him to an EU country.
Of course, we are grateful that Edward Snowden has brought this up so that we can deal with this insight that we have today.
Another question is the impact of the establishment of the European Public Prosecutor's Office on eurojust's budget.
With regard to the legal judge, is it even compatible for the public prosecutor to be able to choose the court afterwards?
Key points: procedural rights need to be further developed and harmonised.
What we can do in practical terms is to improve travel conditions for businesspeople, students, academics, to finally end this humiliating visa procedure that many Turks face in front of our consulates in Istanbul, Ankara and other cities.
I would also like to express my thanks once again to Mr Mayer and all the shadow rapporteurs.
Omnibus II, I am sure, is the right and necessary step for this.
This also means, however, that the new demanding regulations must not overburden small and medium-sized insurance companies.
Nevertheless, I believe that this time we have put forward a very good set of rules covering all the things that are necessary to combat money laundering effectively in the long term.
That is why the European Parliament believes that we should take these measures here as soon as possible.
80[nbsp ]% of the new employment is created in enterprises not older than five years.
This is a very important factor for our future to be successful internationally, especially in those countries that have a very low industrial rate and where unemployment is greatest, so that we can achieve our target of 20[nbsp ]% reindustrialisation accordingly.
What we are not satisfied with is the conclusion in the area of environmental protection and the fight against climate change.
Othmar Karas, rapporteur.
We act, we move, we get involved.
(The speaker agrees to answer two questions under the blue card procedure under Rule[nbsp]149 paragraph[nbsp]8 of the Rules of Procedure.)
I have already spoken before I heard your intervention.
There are principles that firefighters should adhere to when extinguishing, because otherwise the damage caused by the extinguishing water is greater than that caused by the fire.
It was right to examine the work.
But, as I said, the Commission can still provide this proof.
I do not know whether I am in a position to make this proposal for the EPP.
Perhaps we should not do that tonight.
We see that we have a problem with growth and jobs in the European industrial and economic landscape.
No matter in which direction Kiev is oriented, a part of the country will always feel dissatisfied or even majorized.
Elmar Brok (PPE).
(Applause)
We do not have to fall into a military dispute to make it clear to Russia that, if it wants to isolate itself, this isolation will also happen.
No other power that has been affected so far is affected by this conflict, is ready to do so.
Now the Member States are on the ball!
The existing fragmentation of European airspace is based on the fact that there are 28[nbsp]different national air traffic authorities with over 100[nbsp]air navigation service providers, as well as different systems and procedures.
The aim of this report is to remove these ambiguities.
In our view, this is wrong and irresponsible.
Not only does Turkey still refuse to recognise the genocide, it also refuses to open its borders with Armenia.
We face a huge challenge when we look at the 2015 budget.
It should be borne in mind, however, that our EU countries are currently very far from achieving the 2020 target.
Existing strategies need to be revised and adapted to the current situation in order to make progress.
In this sense, the report is consistent and coherent, but it is important to consider whether the extension of measures justifies an increase of 40[nbsp ]%, especially since the funds may also be used in third countries where appropriate.
But now Greece will never be able to repay its debts without driving its citizens into poverty.
As a community of solidarity, we are not going to get any further with this.
It is important to consider carefully whether the European Union's financial resources should also be considered for third countries and programmes that apply outside the Union.
Nevertheless, I believe it is crucial that border prevention must also take place at national level in order to tackle criminals or smugglers more effectively, and this must also be encouraged.
The report presented on the Internal Security Funds deals mainly with border security and external border management in the European Union.
It is estimated that more than 60[nbsp]000 Eritreans, Egyptians and Somalis have fled to the Sinai Peninsula in recent years.
Looking back to 2009, we are all still aware that Iceland was facing a state failure at the time, and that the European Union also asked for help and wanted to become a member of the European Union, but we have defined clear conditions for it.
No one wins in such conflicts.
It is about important ethical issues, about transparency and about protecting at-risk groups: minors, people with intellectual disabilities, pregnant women.
).
The next item is the debate on the joint report by Luigi Berlinguer, on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs, by Juan Fernando López Aguilar, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, and by Carlo Casini, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, on the mid-term review of the Stockholm Programme (2013/2024(INI)) (A7-0153/2014).
Political groups
D.[nbsp ]i.e. with the economic policy effect of the lifting of customs duties in this area, which we consider to be zero, the Commission obviously pursues with this customs policy the aim of giving a certain effect and support to ukraine's more domestic policy objectives, namely before the presidential elections.
I believe it would be appropriate for more members of this House to be interested in this issue, especially those who have repeatedly campaigned on the protection of taxpayers' financial interests.
So: satisfaction of the Committee on the Environment with the Commission, but dissatisfaction with the Court of Auditors.
But the fact is, the error rate is rising in 2012 for the third year in a row;
Let us therefore take a new path with this new idea!
But we have provided each other with good arguments in order to make real progress now.
In the end, the error rates show that it is actually controlled.
This is a global market in which European players face significant international competition problems.
).
The invoices have been sent and it was necessary that we put pressure on them.
Firstly, I have to say that Peter Liese has negotiated for the Committee on the Environment and not for the group, which was unique.
On this text, there were extremely different positions in Parliament between the committees and the Council.
We have described very precisely what the solution must look like.
Exactly two years ago, we even discussed military options here.
It is not only the nuclear issue that needs to be resolved in the interests of the region's security;
Answer to a question about the blue card procedure for Tunne Kelam
Any other nation with nuclear weapons is a threat to the fragile global nuclear balance.
The only real and important statement is that there can be no alternative to a peaceful negotiated solution with Iran – our reason not to vote against this resolution.
Point[nbsp ]2: We must make sure that information technology, cyber security matters are handled very carefully.
This reform package deals in particular with fundamental market issues in the mobile and telecommunications sectors.
I therefore support, in principle, the proposal to provide economic support to Ukraine by abolishing or reducing customs duties on trade with the European Union.
Hannes Swoboda (S&D)
The result was then surprising how little support was given to the amendments.
This is just one of several examples.
To manipulate the members of the Conference of Presidents, i.e. Mr Swoboda, Mr Daul, Mr Verhofstadt, Mr Callanan and others– my experience is that these are autonomous personalities.
That's exactly what I did.
It is all the more important that we have coordination at European level.
It would appear that there would be no mandatory safety measures for weaker road users, that in the future there would be very limited alternative driving options for load-bearing vehicles, there would be no mandatory weight sensors to help drivers know whether they are overloaded or not, and with the help of which the executive can control much more easily.
Dieter
But be it as it is.
They wanted to change the dimensions and weights in Europe by changing their interpretation.
Rapporteur
These people are in fact in favour of the citizens of Europe not being able to co-determine who makes these laws.
The vote will take place on Wednesday, 16 April 2014, at 6 p.m.
This intention is, in itself, laudable.
- 2013/0140(COD)
I think it is very appropriate.
Here we must try to improve the situation, but not fundamentally change it.
First of all, I would like to thank Mrs McIntyre very warmly because, I believe, job creation is the order of the day.
There are enough rules that will lead to industrial and production companies leaving Europe.
We see that progress has been made.
Nevertheless, I would like to emphasise that the pilot project that we have begun to try new formats with the participation of Parliament – informal meetings with the Presidency of the Council, the participation of the negotiating team in informal meetings, the General Council for the meeting of 'all necessary measures to facilitate the adoption of the act' – was a proper approach and should not be forgotten.
The overall level, with 960 billion commitments and 908 billion payments, remains well below parliament's demands and actually represents a real reduction of 3.5% and 3.7% respectively compared to 2007-2013.
This directive does not.
It makes it difficult for Member States to take effective action, in particular against the growing expansion of organised crime in this area.
And it excludes, for the next five years, that we will be working on the Posting of Workers Directive and on this Transposition Directive.
We need effective control and sanctions mechanisms.
And everyone deserves this chance!
We need much more research and innovation on this issue.
However, the challenges arising from this situation cannot be dealt with solely with asylum policy.
An urgently needed step towards greater humanity in European refugee protection.
We know how time-consuming and frustrating it can be to register a car there after moving to another country.
But today is the most important signal for the people of Europe: Europe has once again demonstrated that it is able to emerge stronger from the deepest crises.
It is to be hoped that we will not forget these lessons and that the Banking Union is the first step in a paradigm shift in European economic policy.
I would also like to thank the European Commission for having just said, Mr Mimica, that you want to resume the precautionary principle, just as the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection has reintroduced it.
I know that both rapporteurs have tried to do everything possible to stop this blockade, but it has not worked.
In many places there has been a reduction in established supply structures and, as a result, disadvantages for consumers.
I voted in favour of the report on dimensions and weights.
This is economic mischief!
The bank leaflet should also be seen as a lesson from the financial crisis.
With the introduction of eCall, many lives can be saved.
I believe that the negotiations for the new own resources, for a new own resources regime, are an important central step in securing the euro in the future.
We asked for them on a regular basis.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on his excellent report.
Michael Theurer, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
We have received many requests for oral explanations of vote.
There are also event-related data collections.
And even if there are individual cases, it is clear that the used remedy has not been applied.
We must vigorously defend ourselves against this in our foreign policy, no matter what religion it is, whose freedom of religion is violated.
The same applies, of course, to mr Eickhout's kind words, and I also miss the Liberals in the debate today.
Andreas Schwab,
That was 6[nbsp]000 dead soldiers every day.
Peace is not a matter of course, not even in Europe, nor in the European Union.
All this has something to do with our joint action.
Thank you very much.
A critical but constructive dialogue with President Putin is also part of the solution.
International principles must be absolutely respected, including by Russia.
I think there are many approaches to this, but it must be done in such a way that it does not endanger the unity of the state and is not an approach to separatism.
And if we do not use the military and help – this is not a NATO case – then it must be clear that we are using all peaceful means to help the Ukrainian people.
We must say that Ukraine has a right to territorial integrity and self-defence.
Animal welfare is of enormous importance to animals, but also to public health, as around 70% of infectious diseases affect both animals and humans.
Companies that repeatedly and intentionally violate European safety standards should be pilloried on an EU-wide blacklist.
The protection of minorities, especially religious minorities, is one of the most important guidelines of our EU foreign policy.
Today we commemorate the Christian martyr for peace and human rights, Father van der Lugt, but also the countless victims of all religions and denominations that have so far cost this murderous struggle in Syria.
The next item is the vote.
I've been there since 1965.
Astrid Lulling (PPE).
We are Democrats.
Sabine Wils, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
It is not a question of simply making controls out of principle.
That is why I would like to ask once again: where are the data?
We know all that.
The next item on the agenda is the debate on the Commission statement on the negotiations on the EU-Vietnam Free Trade Agreement (2013/2989(RSP)).
These negotiations have been going on for a number of years now.
Today, with our resolution, we want to reiterate that we have priorities on the road to the conclusion of the negotiations, which we absolutely want the European Commission to take into account.
In addition, we must give investors an incentive to continue to go to this country because they know that if, in a doubt, the government makes arbitrary decisions and, unfortunately, the courts cannot decide independently because of perhaps political influence, they will have a shield under the investment protection agreement that goes with it.
He is supposed to check if there is anybody else in the room or if the light has been forgotten.
I believe that this is underground and undemocratic.
This concludes this item on the agenda.
We have really seen enough human dramas in the Mediterranean.
That, in cooperation with Turkey, we must then also consider how we can solve problems for the countries that have taken in a particularly large number of refugees – whether that is Turkey, whether Lebanon, Jordan, Tunisia or similar countries, which are struggling with large numbers of refugees and therefore want our support, also the approach of legal migration, as far as this is possible.
There is, of course, also the problem of over-demanding our society, of overcharging our citizens with this immigration.
Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
I believe that a majority of this House should do so.
Member States have helped train security forces in Nigeria, but without success.
The conflict, as it is described here, is always intensified when sanctions are imposed unilaterally, rather than talking to each other.
Our task now is to assess the results of the development goals and to continue to deliver positive results within Europe.
Josef Weidenholzer, author.
I wonder how we can actually believe that the world is changing now because there is this package.
Mr Pedicini, is you aware that the regulation on consumer information on food contains an entire article in which everything possible is written against the misleading of the consumer by means of food labelling?
Food, which may have cost 100% 100% 10 to 15 years ago, now costs only 50% of its historical value.
This means that 650 000 young people can get into work.
That's not my human image.
As you all know, the major problem that we have here – and this has already come out of some of our fellow Members – will be the implementation and enforcement of this directive.
Now we have Mare Nostrum – the result: 131% increase in migration numbers.
Marcus Pretzell (ECR).
The economic crisis has led to an increasing number of tasks having to be accomplished with smaller budgets.
At the same time, we are dealing with a deep democratic crisis.
And instead of continuing to provide the us with the assistance of the Americans, the European Union would be well advised to seek a path of reconciliation and a prosperous common future with the Russians.
We need clear common standards for the safe handling of data in Europe.
(Applause)
You too, Mr Bütikofer, must reverse this.
But we are on the right track, and we should move towards a sustainable, climate-friendly energy supply and the creation of new jobs.
Today is the day we have been waiting for since your appointment as Vice-President.
They have done so since Joseph Stalin, and they continue to do so because they remain in the same ideology.
Unfortunately, I cannot add to the great praise for this report.
Michel Reimon, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
Given the size of the differences in content, these were very fair negotiations with a good result.
It is an incoherent sequence of inhumane, patronising and ignorant monstrosities.
Nor should there be a two-class jurisdiction that gives international corporations more rights than any other company or citizen.
These provisions are certainly not in the interests of the citizens of Austria and Europe, and that is why the SPÖ-EU delegation rejected this report.
The points made by the rapporteur and Commissioner Vestager are extremely important, supported by Parliament, especially by the ECON Committee, and must be taken into account in future legislation.
I strongly support the report that has been presented.
Beatrix von Storch (ECR), in writing.
That must give us thought.
We should support this country together.
That was also important.
The fact that there is no general authorisation across borders for gigaliners rounds off the whole thing.
Today, after 60-70 years, we still have refugee camps in Jordan and Syria, where hundreds of children have just died of starvation in Syria last year.
However, we need a Greek partner who works with us seriously.
Private investors have acquired legal titles that will cause up to 80 000 people of the ancestral Massai population to lose their natural livelihoods.
You cannot now debate the immunity waiver procedure here.
On many issues relating to the Energy Union, we Social Democrats can agree, because the proposals are almost identical to the paper we have launched.
But how can we be for the internal market, where we have different living conditions in different countries, and of course different levels of pay.
The same must apply to minimum wages.
Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
Eugen Freund (S&D), in writing.
I include in the sad news the terrible attack by the criminal organization Al-Shabaab on the university in the town of Garissa in northern Kenya, which on 2 April killed 148 innocent people, young men and women, students of the university there.
The relevant question, from my point of view, is: how can we prevent our European airlines from ultimately being burdened with additional penalties because we have so far failed to respond appropriately to requests from Mexico?
Fabio De Masi (GUE/NGL).
The most important thing is that the authorities take the responsibility that the inspections that we are calling for can also take place, that there is also sufficient staff available.
But things are still not right, for example the compensation fund, in which not all the companies concerned have paid in – the 30 million have not yet been reached.
The debate is closed.
I am glad, I have to tell you that.
Cornelia Ernst, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
That is the point.
Nevertheless, in order to make a real difference, we need more transparency.
Which citizen in Europe can rely on his trade secrets at the Tax Office?
Ladies and gentlemen, I do not believe in the second generation either.
However, in the case of passenger car transport, this must be limited, which is not necessary, because I believe that electromobility and hydrogen technology are alternatives.
Norbert Lins (PPE).
Biofuels are important.
This makes disposal into the environment all the more common.
There, the problem has long been global and can no longer be hidden under the surface of the water.
I also believe, however, that the film industry in the Member States contributes to economic growth and promotes the creation of new jobs.
The use of modern technology to improve road safety is to be welcomed in principle.
A more proportionate solution would be for offences against environmental legislation to be consistently punished.
We will certainly be discussing this morning the dramatic refugee disaster ten days ago, in which 800 people are believed to have died.
On the other hand, the report criticises the Galileo satellite system as too expensive, although an exit at this stage would be completely unprofitable financially and economically and a european system of its own makes sense.
However, a strict regulatory framework is necessary to counter the risks of the funds.
Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
Hundreds of people have drowned in the Mediterranean this year, and I fear that this is not the end.
It goes without saying that a healthy and balanced diet is advisable, including support for local products and traditional dietary habits.
I believe it is important to work out good solutions with the rapporteurs and shadow rapporteurs.
If the opportunities of a digital market were optimally exploited, European consumers could save €11.7 billion a year.
The second topic concerned this questionnaire on refugee policy.
And then you should listen to Viktor Orbán on the matter, not in the wording, but in the matter.
We could spare ourselves a great deal of suffering from people slipping into private insolvency if the Commission were to address this issue as well.
Ska Keller (Verts/ALE).
Voluntary certification is already possible, but only 12% of companies use this option at all.
We rely on the voluntary nature of companies!
Olive trees in Italy are attacked by the bacterium Xylella fastidiosa.
\u2012 The mass infestation of olive trees with Xylella fastidiosa threatens not only the destruction of the agricultural heritage, but also the loss of some 8000 people in the affected regions.
Barbara Kappel (NI), in writing.
A lot of things are wrong in Turkey.
First of all, allow me to express my thanks to parliament's rapporteur, Kati Piri: we have been negotiating with each other for many weeks and months.
However, external trade and external relations must also be able to be guided by our values.
First there was no money, then money was made available.
The question, of course, goes to the Council and the Commission: what are we doing now?
I would appeal to the media not to always say – when these statements come from the Council – that Europe has failed because there is a clear will here in the European Parliament, because there is a clear will in the Commission.
I would rather say an emergency situation.
That is where we can become smarter, agree.
We in the European Parliament urgently need to send out a signal here!
Hacker attacks happen all the time and are directed against anything that is somehow interesting.
These persons belong to persecuted and punished.
Nothing is happening at all for this.
(Parliament adopted the request)
In addition to renewable energy, many conservatives also include nuclear power and hydraulic fracking.
That is the premise: the European Union must ensure the energy supply of its citizens.
Perhaps it is because the report and also the discussion do not bring much new things.
Commissioner, you mentioned Cotonou.
Azerbaijan ranks 162nd out of 180 in the press freedom ranking.
Human rights are important – there is no question of that.
And we, as a group, are protesting against this way in which Parliament is slowing itself down, that we ourselves are putting our own rights aside.
There are much more important issues that we should negotiate with Turkey, such as improving the customs union in order to compensate for the TTIP disadvantages with Turkey.
Turkey has been an official candidate since 1999 and accession negotiations began in 2005.
At the beginning of April, we visited members of the South Asia delegation in Nepal.
The EUROPEAN Parliament should stand out.
The bailout Europeans want greece to be a fig leaf so that they can continue to lie to their voters at home, and the Greeks don't even deliver that.
And there is the Commission's commitment that everything will be done, that no existing projects will be put at risk: that is a clear message to the market.
Christian Ehler (PPE).
The extent to which these projects will have a strategic benefit for Europe will be shown.
Every year, with the Structural Funds, we have a redistribution to weaker groups and regions.
The report is a good and honest inventory of the current European economic governance capacity.
This means that responsibility for expenditure and liability continue to fall apart and that existing European law, in particular the non-assistance clause (Article 125 TFEU), is disregarded.
Beatrix von Storch (ECR), in writing.
The growing inequality between states is a problem that cannot be solved sustainably through transfer payments, but rather through structural reforms in the respective Member States.
I will do so, and I have been asked to do so, and I have not had the impression that all of you here in this House have already expressed your views on this request.
You know as well as I do that there are companies and industries that can and want to make business successes out of this circular economy and who are technologically leading and advocating innovation, and others who stand on the brakes and believe that a competitive solution would only be achieved if we were successful even if we refused to meet the ecological transformation goals.
This was not just the crisis, Commissioner, these were the austerity programmes, these were the many reforms.
They're back.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at Greece today, it is a divided country.
Do not believe that substantive reasons were decisive for the postponed vote!
Tax harmonisation cannot therefore be part of a free trade agreement.
\u2012 This report calls for price support, particularly for new farmers.
At the end of the debate, seven motions for resolutions were tabled in accordance with Rule 123(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
(Applause)
Udo Bullmann (S&D).
(Heckling)
The next item is the vote.
The proposals therefore run the risk of labour markets becoming more inflexible and shocks more severe.
It would therefore also, among other things, be a preventive measure for European companies wishing to establish themselves in these countries.
Resource efficiency therefore remains one of the most important components of a sustainable life.
I am abstaining from this vote because, although the report identifies the problems, it is withholding proposals for solutions.
Ladies and gentlemen, this report is an incitement to murder.
And, of course, family businesses usually also have a significantly higher equity ratio than non-family businesses.
We must come out, we finally need a fair distribution: fair for the Member States, but also fair for refugees.
In other words, the Commission is now also on the move to take up this strong signal from the European Parliament and to live up to the urban agenda.
If we vote tomorrow on the three partnership agreements, we will literally do so in partnership.
This must change, including for us here in Europe.
Thank you very much.
Because there are biological limits to animals.
At the end of the day, there is something that is extremely moving here, which has always moved the European Parliament, just as it worries our citizens in the European Union: it is a fact that every reproduction technique developed for farmanimals has finally arrived in humans.
We are against animal cruelty.
But there are also competitive situations.
Arne Gericke (ECR).
Turkey has something to do with the problem we are talking about here.
The next item on the agenda is the debate on the Council and Commission statements on migration and refugees in Europe (2015/2833(RSP)).
I do not want to repeat everything that has already been said.
If there is funding of USD 100 billion per year by 2020, would it not be coherent to say that the allocation of financial resources to the poorest countries in the area of climate change is linked to the fact that these countries are also making binding plans on how to eliminate climate change?
Ulrike Müller (ALDE).
We see it again and again: as soon as prices rise, it takes a very long time before they are actually passed on to farmers.
After all, the meeting of the Interior Ministers has failed to materialise.
This is not easy, because there is no plan, because until recently the Member States – including my own – have insisted that these policies do not affect the EU.
We are talking about 7% more pre-financing, two billion more co-financing from the European side, a faster release of the 5% payment and technical administrative support.
Let us remember that eur 42 billion was earmarked for Greece in the last multiannual financial framework.
Firstly, it is a waste of money.
Nevertheless: all in vain.
Have there been tests by the European Commission at the Joint Research Centre in Ispra, where there are also test stands for automobiles, or have there been no tests there, and have you noticed any deviations there?
There is a coefficient – the Commission says we are taking one, and the car industry wants to have a different one for every single company, yes, this is again a Swiss cheese.
The best thing to see in the current situation is that the international community is essentially behind Bernardino León's plan.
There is an urgent need for a national unity government that can finally begin its work.
Bernd Kölmel (ECR).
Karin Kadenbach (S&D).
I think it is very sensible that the funds should be increased here.
In a word, it shows us what is possible.
The rise of the terrorist organization IS in Iraq and Syria could not be prevented.
Only this one number shows the whole dimension of the task.
They need it, and all the more so they need a capital markets union based on people's interests, not the ideas of investment bankers.
Capital Markets Union means facilitating financing for businesses.
However, key aspects are missing, such as the link between women's and girls' sexual and reproductive rights and access to the education system and the labour market.
I think first analyze the causes: why is there this high wage difference?
We find time and again that citizens want to shop on the Internet and cannot do so for a variety of reasons – because they have a false IP address, have the wrong credit card, have the wrong nationality, live in the wrong country – and therefore cannot make that purchase.
À vrai dire, ce fut une réunion fructueuse.
I would therefore like to ask expressly that, hopefully tomorrow, we will be able to achieve a common wording of the Member States of the European Union on the Syria issue.
It is an important finding in the work of the Special Committee to investigate the LuxLeaks affair that, in fact, the Member States and a whole range of companies have obviously used tax avoidance schemes that have led to billions of dollars in tax losses.
The Council remains unclear.
Mr President, Commissioner Moscovici, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for his excellent report.
We absolutely want and need more citizen participation in the European project of unification.
The Nobel Peace Prize is rightly awarded this year to the Dialogue Quartet in Tunisia.
The Council must now profess colour.
Joachim Zeller (PPE).
If the blue card is put up and a Member is asked if she accepts it, and the word is passed on to another member, that is not correct.
On Sunday, as President of our House, At the invitation of Commission President Juncker, I attended the meeting of heads of government on the refugee flows on the Western Balkans route in Brussels.
Jens Geier, draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Budgets.
And then, at the moment, one really seriously wonders: what about the relationship between citizens and the state?
The next step is the Capital Markets Union, are the support for startups, are the securitisations, is the expansion of SMEs' access to finance in addition to loans.
Nor is the review of credit collateral, the questioning of real estate as security, and the mistrust of SME loans – that is, what is happening now in the review of the Basel 3 criteria – that is not progress.
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 162(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
That is exactly what the Commission has done.
These are some good innovations, but they do not go far enough.
We therefore welcome the establishment of national competition councils.
This is not only necessary from a budgetary point of view, it is also a question of how money can be used efficiently.
My group stands for fair trade.
Mr Eck, I have a question for you: how do you explain that where your former party friends have ruled in Germany, the largest mass enterprises have been created?
We need a strategy, right away!
The terrorists agree with text messages, because the data retention of the French, which has been practised for years, does not help – it has not used anything and a ban on encryption certainly does not help.
And it is also true that in tax havens, banks also launder money from criminals.
The TAXE Committee has presented a very good report and has proposed effective measures to make tax competition fairer so that workers and SMEs do not continue to bear most of the tax burden in the EU.
There are still many outstanding questions, many documents and minutes of meetings in which we were not allowed to consult.
Catch-the-eye procedure
I think it is a good thing that a further step is being taken now to consider whether this cannot be concentrated throughout Europe in support, in a way that allows the funds to go where they are as effective as possible.
Secondly, registration.
Secondly, Mr Giegold has said that the Council has prevailed.
Thank you for the kind words.
I am convinced that the attacks prove that it would now be the wrong way to press ahead with further unwarranted surveillance, even more data storage.
In this area in particular, cancellation by the ECJ, as in the case of Safe Harbour and data retention, would be problematic, because it would shake confidence in our ability to act.
And there is great progress on Syria.
In other words, there really is an offer for the Member States to be courageous and to adopt this report.
Today we are talking about this again: do we need a quota, or do we not need it?
An entrepreneur has the freedom to hire 100 women, 100 men or 100 chimpanzees – it is his free choice!
(The President interrupted the speaker)
Let us also be honest: the problems are so great because a Member State of the European Union, Namely Greece, does not implement the Schengen standards at its external Schengen border.
The report on the Energy Union that we are discussing today is of great importance because, through the mix of measures it sets out, it will only enable many Member States to achieve these reduction targets or to bring them closer to those reduction targets.
It must be our greatest ambition to maintain the attractiveness and competitiveness of the site, in line with a healthy and sustainable climate policy.
Evelyn Regner, on behalf of the S&D Group.
EUR 1.8 billion in support was decided in March this year and EUR 600 million has already been spent in July of this year.
Frontex must become a real border protection agency.
In Parliament, we have only discussed the framework agreement on comprehensive partnership and cooperation between the EU and Vietnam, and in the Committee on Foreign Affairs we have come to the recommendation to approve the agreement.
Last week in Strasbourg, we discussed with Commissioner Malmström the EU-Vietnam Free Trade Agreement, which has now been ratified.
For me, this is the point where I ask myself the question: what are we actually doing now?
David McAllister (PPE).
Digital economy: There will have to be substantial changes in merger control and antitrust proceedings, otherwise the market-changing position of digital companies will not be met.
Marcus Pretzell (ECR).
Europe without Poland would be a torso.
A rapid end to the War in Syria is more necessary than ever.
Thank you, Mr Schwab.
When I set up home terminals 25 years ago for the employees of IBM-Deutschland, it was badly fought by trade unions, churches, but also by politicians and the media.
Petra Kammerevert, draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education.
The good intentions of the report do not fit with the ideological solutions that exceed the competences of the European Union, thus violating the principle of subsidiarity in the field of education.
\u2012 The Matera report contains some good proposals such as improving childcare and improving data collection on the role of women in self-employed occupations.
The second is also clear: the whole of Europe has performance limits.
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 162(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
But without sufficient efforts of the Moldovan elites, there will be no improvement.
The vote will take place on Thursday, 21 January 2016.
There are conflicts and developments in the world where one wonders why the political reason of the world community is not able to bring it to a political solution.
On the other hand, of course, there are also sensitive sectors.
Countries such as the US, Pakistan and Turkey will be very impressed.
In the CARIFORUM Agreement, for example, the ILO is included and the question of what sort of dispute resolution is going to look like: what mechanisms are there?
That is not how we, as partners, will be able to deal with each other in the future, to make this very clear!
That, too, is the stability that we need in the region, namely to rebuild a destroyed country of 23 million inhabitants and to ensure that peace is achieved in at least one part of that region.
This will have a negative economic impact on the EU single market and a significant burden on travellers.
On the one hand, we have those who say that the companies are dairy cows, that we have to pay even less tax.
Mr McAllister, if you can still tolerate it, i would also like to congratulate you on this.
Unfortunately, riots on the streets in Priština and members of the Kosovo Parliament wearing breathing masks have shaped the public image of Kosovo in recent months.
There may be bad things to expect in Italy and in this direction if there is no progress in this area by spring.
Ulrike Trebesius (ECR).
In a free Europe, women must also be able to move freely in public places at night without fear.
In fact, it was German school leaders who asked students to dress in such a way as not to provoke the refugees from a nearby refugee shelter.
But if this is to be the door opener, as will be decided on the Union in the future, then we will continue to lose credibility.
It is the hundreds of thousands of people who have come to Greece in the last two months.
That is a number of Europol, without this institution it would not have the number at all.
The European Semester is part of an attempt at economic governance in the European Union.
The same applies to the average unemployment rate, which is 9.2 percent and 10.6 percent higher, respectively, than in the US, for example, at just under five percent.
Markus Ferber, on behalf of the PPE Group.
And if we now grant these trade facilitations, Then I hope that Tunisia will also become more cooperative in this area and help us to solve our problems.
Some of us, the Liberals, are not quite enthusiastic either, because there are exceptions that come out of this regulation.
Yes, we praise Turkey for accepting almost three million refugees and at the same time declare that, as a continent with 500 million inhabitants, we are overwhelmed with such a number – that is embarrassing!
Yesterday I discussed your draft report with volunteers.
These family reunifications would further exacerbate the situation in the EU.
But how can such a ban be enforced if we have zoos with 200 000 or more animals, chickens specifically?
That is what we would do in such a situation.
We believe that turkey's full membership is not positive for both sides.
I quote:
When you hear the figures, you are very frightened: four million people, 40 countries are now affected.
The corresponding report by Mr Šoltes is therefore removed from the agenda.
And I think that 600 years is enough to be considered indigenous, as a neighbour, as a colleague at work, and – I may say this, at least for the European left – as friends.
The latter is not difficult for us, because Roma are real citizens of the world, not only because they have never, and at no time, even instigated any war, but because Roma have enriched and enriched society in many countries of the world and continue to do so today, as the Canadian writer Ronald Lee, the Austrian jazz guitarist Harri Stojka, the world citizen and civil rights activist Romani Rose, the singer Marianne Rosenberg, the boxer Johann Wilhelm Trollmann, who like 500
I cannot give the floor to every group in every debate on nine, ten, sometimes 15 or 18 requests in the catch-the-eye procedure.
I am convinced of this – in a committee of inquiry to clarify the outstanding issues, particularly in relation to the Panama papers.
A central development policy perspective is lacking for the countries of the region, which, while offering products of interest to the EU with oil, gas and other raw materials, cannot develop their own democratic, socially and economically sustainable perspective.
In this context, I am grateful to civil society initiatives for closing this gap.
Europol: Voluntary collection of information has failed.
Security is an essential prerequisite for a stable and prosperous Europe.
Eugen Freund (S&D), in writing.
Jens Gieseke (PPE), in writing.
As a European politician, It is too little to me in that I sometimes want to offer more to my workers in Europe that they will also be able to draw up appropriate regulations here in the digital age.
The accession negotiations between the EU and Turkey are not interrupted, they are broken.
But if you say here that you are making a proposal here for the opening of further chapters, without prejudice to the positions of certain Member States, and at the same time we know that without a consensus of the Member States there will be no openings, then it is clear from the outset that this is desperately holding on to a failed process, that there is no courage here to create a new basis for good relations with Turkey.
Now there is a report by the Basel Committee which states that, for a sample of nine Member States examined, some banks are not in line with the Basel legal framework.
This is evidenced by the figures from the Frontex border agency.
I believe that at the moment in Greece we cannot talk at all about the rule of law in the procedure, and that is the first European responsibility.
Contrary to those who accuse us of this, I can only say that I have always opposed Turkey's accession from the outset and always.
The Member States' agreement with Turkey is not the right answer to the refugee situation.
They should have happened earlier, and you have to watch closely whether all of this is going to develop as planned.
The S&D Group has requested that a statement by the Commission and the Council on recent developments in Poland and its impact on fundamental rights be included on the agenda as the second item on the agenda following the Pirinski report.
But we are not talking about populist proposals, but about the future of these very people.
I hope that the discharge procedure is not a formal act, but also contributes to improving the way in which it works, especially in the case of these three agencies – EBA, ESMA and EIOPA.
But also our claim that work must be done here far from any ideology must really apply.
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned.
I do not know how they intend to resolve this contradiction.
The debate on the Turkey agreement is going on in public and there is a lot of criticism.
These are the wishes that are on the table and which have much to do with reforms, with changes.
This World Summit on Humanitarian Aid must send a signal.
And when I think now that china alone exported 134 million tonnes of steel worldwide in 2015 – thank God only 7.5 million to the Union – and China has 400 million tonnes of overcapacity, i am very concerned.
We need fast, flexible and sharp trade defence instruments.
I hear these concerns, I take them seriously, and I represent them here.
Please let us argue on the matter and not become polemical.
We do not have to vote on fundamental rights, human rights and solidarity, but to live and abide by them.
We need to shape our refugee strategy on our own.
Trade with Erdoğan is likely to fail, which is good news.
Michel Reimon (Verts/ALE), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
I am convinced that we need data transfer to the United States, and we also need legal certainty, both for our citizens, but also for our businesses, especially our small and medium-sized enterprises, which are precisely not able to secure themselves through standard contractual clauses or other instruments.
This is because only the weakest areas will be phased out of production, and in other areas production will be expanded.
Europe's voice is also heard in Bangladesh, so we are still trying to avert it.
This could also be concluded if we know that Galileo, for example, has been co-financed from the agricultural budget, but not when you read this report.
Just as we have given the Data Protection Supervisors a key role in Europol, this must also apply here to the linking of these databases.
On the one hand, there are shortcomings on the part of the Member States when it comes to the effective exchange of data and the mutual trust measures lead to the actual merging of the relevant data.
Both colleagues are above all suspicion.
We call on the Cambodian Government to release human rights activists without delay and to respect and protect the right to freedom of expression and assembly.
Our urgent resolution today was triggered by the violent suppression of peaceful protests in connection with a massive environmental disaster.
I have taken this up with the example of the Energy Efficiency Directive and I am grateful that many points have also remained in the report, namely that we need to move more towards innovation for efficiency and not just rely on the constraint on savings, that the flexibility of the directive remains so that the Member States have incentives for new measures.
Conventional energy sources remain an important component to ensure security of supply.
It is hardly worth commenting on Mr Farage, because we do not know whether everything he claims today will be true in two weeks' time.
In other words, the legislation that will be adopted tomorrow is one step, and the strategy that can be further developed is the other.
This legal loophole certainly includes access by the Supervisory Committee to the documents and certainly also the handing over of the final report to persons under OLAF investigations.
The debate is closed.
Barbara Kappel (ENF), in writing.
Two weeks after the referendum on the euro, the pound fell by nine per cent and the dollar by 11 per cent.
I would seek every responsibility, every central responsibility for the way London has developed, with the British Government, not only with the last government, but also with some before it.
We had already discussed it last week: there is a problem in London and none in Berlin, Rome or Paris.
With your vision of Europe, which has been rejected by the British and which is also rejected by many other people in Europe, are you still the right man to lead the European Commission?
It has no consultative character, it has decisive character.
We are primarily concerned with headings 3 and 4, security and citizenship and Europe in the world.
The next item is the debate on the statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy on new initiatives related to the Middle East peace process (2016/2818(RSP)).
Is it not the case that every special representative is somehow acting like a small foreign minister.
We must ask them to keep Ecofin and Parliament regularly informed of the work in the Basel Committee before we start legislation.
Albert Deß, on behalf of the PPE Group.
It must finally be over that business models are preferred in Europe, which are purely aimed at exploitation and purely at undercutting competition.
Unfortunately, we have to note that often, out of the capitals, out of national selfishness, this work is blocked in the border regions, that its own legal system, which is often not yet aligned with that of neighbouring countries, is held higher than territorial cooperation.
However, more than two-thirds of the population are still living in extreme poverty, because president Bongo's family has been exploiting the country's wealth for decades and generating billions of foreign currency revenues, including in EU Member States.
Ana Gomes cited some country examples here.
Economic development also includes support for vocational training, for example.
Now probably already sit in the restaurant and eat good food here in Strasbourg.
Women are particularly often affected here – in the care industry, in households, etc.
And this becomes clear when we consider that it was the net contributors states that enforced this deletion.
The third, structural reforms: many, many explanations, too.
There has been a lot of talk about putting Russia in the corner because of the role it unfortunately plays in Ukraine and Crimea, for example.
The aim is to maximise the benefits of cross-border competition and to provide the right signals and incentives for meaningful investment.
Jens Gieseke (PPE), in writing.
This is particularly evident in the area of knowledge and innovation transfer and transregional transport links.
That is why I reject this report.
But it is the policy that could fall into the hands of companies with a forward-looking, long-term industrial policy, in this case in the construction sector and in public transport.
And I am very grateful to you for finding the right lever, even if it rewards those who are to be punished – the profiteer is the State of Ireland, which receives these unpaid taxes here – but it is the right lever, because you, as the Commission, also have the power to act accordingly.
If we find that the ordinary citizen, the employed person, the small and medium-sized businessman has to pay the taxes that the State has set, but all those who work cross-border, who operate in many Member States, can negotiate their own tax rates, then we are on the road.
This would put an end to the problem of profit shifts.
In any case, I come from a region where we now have a firmly established second service provider, which also supplies mountain areas and rural areas.
But we have also heard that it is not yet working in a number of regions.
I would go so far as to say that it is even catastrophic.
That is why these desired activities can only really be tackled if the Member States are prepared to provide additional resources.
The debate between North and South on the euro issue, the debate between East and West on migration, and a few days ago, one more came up with the idea of now requesting the exclusion of a Member State.
However, I do not call for a debt cut, because it would be pointless for Greece's inefficient and corrupt economy and administration without serious changes.
Bernd Lucke, on behalf of the ECR Group.
The funding must also be carefully examined, because, after all, the consequence should not be to remove the funding base even further from the well-functioning but already hopelessly underfunded educational programmes.
This needs to be made clear, and we must also give a bit of emphasis to the fact that everyone is there.
They face very different standards of protection in the various Member States.
Sven Schulze (PPE), in writing.
As the record of such agreements so far is rather sobering, I am rather critical of this resolution.
Until now, agreement between the EU and THE ACP has only been on the need to promote the political and economic integration of the ACP regions.
I fear, however, that something good and ambitious will not come out of this as in Paris.
This is something that I have not yet penetrated here.
But you can also say.
A military victory by either side against the Assad regime would therefore not bring any progress.
They wanted to get the Council to understand at last that it must rely on common foundations based on solidarity, return to them and stop everyone wanting to cook their own cup of tea within the Council, within the European Union.
And I believe that when it comes to the issues of a headquarters, a permanent structured corporation, the issues that have to do with the European Defence Agency and all these issues are important: we are throwing out too much money because the nation states do not cooperate sensibly in these areas.
\u2012 I am voting in favour of this resolution.
Barbara Kappel (ENF), in writing.
Here, we must ensure uniform safety standards in Europe.
While Members of the European Parliament are making every effort to emphasise the rule of law, the EU as a whole has little credibility.
In theory, however, someone could go and say: I would like Wednesday morning to be no longer a sitting day.
The European Commission's response was: more European Union, more centralisation.
Is this the Commission's resettlement policy, which promises EUR 10 000 for each resettled refugee?
some other Member States have voluntary obligations.
Why don't we finally move on?
Dare to think big!
Last year, our group was on the way to refugees in several countries.
However, before I call on it, ladies and gentlemen, a communication on administrative matters.
(Loud applause)
D'autres sujets ont été abordés.
Peter Jahr (PPE).
There is no doubt about the functioning of the existing ERASMUS+ programme, as it opens up the EU to pupils, apprentices and students.
In the logic of the current majority in the European Parliament, this is also understandable, as Parliament has in recent years irresponsibly demanded more resources than the Commission proposed, and at the same time always rejected all proposals for cuts from the Council at first.
\u2012 I agree with the mid-term review of the Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF).
\u2012 The general objective of the Regulation is to reduce the risks posed by new pests and diseases.
In most cases, however, we encounter formal errors, improper tenders or the settlement of ineligible costs.
Or unaccompanied refugees.
This is exactly how positive, sustainable economic and financial development emerges.
Turkey has closed only one of the 34 accession chapters.
This needs to be changed
However, it is important to ensure that national authorities are able to process this information through sufficiently qualified staff and that the data are kept confidential.
The report calls for photovoltaic systems on the buildings of the port terminals.
It is clear that these people are waging this war only because they receive weapons.
It is too little to hope that the process will eventually get under way, and there is no room for mutual apportionment of blame.
\u2012 This own-initiative report by S&D MEP Paşcu calls for a strengthening of the EU's Common Security and Defence Policy (CSDP), taking into account the current crises and in particular the annexation of Crimea.
I would like to express my thanks to our rapporteur, Mr Maurel, who has tried massively to push this through, unfortunately failed in the resistance of the Council – who otherwise spends a great deal of money on things that are very doubtful.
This will be the nail test as early as next week, Commissioner, in the winter package that we will then receive from you.
I can only give the thanks to parliament's rapporteur selectively.
\u2012 This motion for a resolution rightly points to the very problematic situation in Turkey with regard to respect for fundamental rights, the persecution of journalists and the repression of the political opposition.
However, this position, which currently does not have a majority in the European Parliament, must be promoted further.
The measures taken by Erdoğan must be strongly condemned.
It is not for the EU to sign such an agreement on behalf of its Member States
I believe that our Commissioner, Kristalina Georgieva – And I would like to thank her very much – brought the negotiations to a positive end even at four o'clock in the morning, with full dynamism, with full commitment and with all her charisma.
I would be grateful if you would confirm briefly that my fellow Members will not be completely irritated if I simply continue to speak after three minutes.
But there is no clarity as to whether the US government will undertake the necessary legislative reforms to ensure that passenger and bank data actually fall within the scope of the agreement.
Thank you very much.
It completes existing agreements with the US that regulate access to passenger data and financial transactions.
Unfortunately, this compromise does not reflect the central demands of the European Parliament at first reading.
But what if suddenly life-threatening happens?
If you want to regain confidence, if you want to make more advertising for the EU, then we should start here and, in particular, clarify these accusations that are being made to you.
So much for that.
Because of the fears – this is what drives the populists forward.
And it is long overdue to make the electricity market fit for renewables throughout Europe.
And last but not least, what is always happening here in Parliament and what I fear again: ever more, ever higher, ever faster targets – this competition does not bring us any further.
Nadija, you once said, "Telling my story and reliving the horror is not an easy task, but the world needs to know."
Beatrix von Storch (EFDD), in writing.
\u2012 I voted in favour of the annual report on the situation of fundamental rights of the EU in 2015.
Among them we find positive approaches, such as the use against female genital mutilation or against human smuggling.
Sven Schulze (PPE), in writing.
I cannot and will not support this misconduct.
According to the rapporteur, the instrument of risk management of the second pillar of the current CAP to limit the impact of price fluctuations on farmers' incomes is completely unsuitable – hence the need for a revision of the current CAP.
This is something that should not be measured by double standards in Europe– whether it is now in Sweden, Austria or Greece.
There is still time for the Polish Government to turn to the opposition and to take seriously the recommendations of the Venice Commission.
Notre crédibilité dépend aussi de notre capacité à ne pas être seulement une puissance douce.
Migration, asylum and social progress – important things should be brought forward.
The European Parliament's interest group strongly supports today's resolution, which calls on The Chinese authorities to stop their activities at long last.
\u2012 I voted in favour of the resolution because I believe that it is appropriate to revise the regulation on paediatric medicinal products.
Due to the effect of chemotherapeutic drugs prescribed in highly toxic doses and currently administered, two-thirds of survivors suffer from treatment-related side effects and up to 50% of survivors suffer from severe side effects.
\u2012 I am clearly in favour of the creation of an incentive system for research into paediatric medicines against cancer, and I support this demand.
Competition is also often distorted by unfair subsidies or practices.
\u2012 This resolution deals with the opening up of European airspace to third-country airlines.
Rest assured that we will do one thing – Mr Borg, tell colleagues among the Finance Ministers: we will not rest.
We know from numerous testimonies, including from the International Monetary Fund, that there will be no way past state insolvencies in the eurozone.
The report does both in principle.
This voluntary work, this voluntarily sought-after front, is being carried out in spite of war and occupation by Russia.
This could be the first step towards a complete annexation of the occupied territories.
In this respect, I would also like to respond.
It is also up to the EU institutions to ensure the right balance between the necessary European supervision and the necessary national supervision, because both are justified and belong together.
First of all, briefly to my person, because I believe that it has a certain symbolic content for the development of Europe.
International terrorism cannot be dealt with by national methods alone.
What is good about this directive is obvious.
Transport is, of course, an issue which is particularly affected by the automatic sector.
Thank you very much.
All previous calculations confirm this.
This is based on the emission of pollutants.
Something has to be done here!
If we cannot reach agreement among the 27, either in terms of objectives or pathways, then those who want to move forward in various areas should be allowed to make further progress where they consider them necessary.
I believe that perhaps we should reconsider the cultural approach that you have put forward here very nationalistally.
Gesine Meissner (ALDE).
I know how toxic it is from a young age, because my mother has always told us that we should not drop the thermometer, which used to measure fever, where liquid mercury can be seen, for God's sake, because otherwise it would actually release harmful substances and also harm us.
It was a sometimes rather tedious one, but I believe that the final product we have created here is a very gratifying collaboration.
The report provides the right impetus to ensure a higher level of traceability for our food by helping to strengthen existing rules and ensure the adoption of new rules, at least in theory.
Udo Voigt (NI).
Last night we discussed here that millions of people in the sub-Saharan countries are at risk of acute starvation and that the causes of this are largely political because corrupt leaders and terrorist groups are fighting for power, money and influence there.
A genuine common foreign policy can only work if the Member States commit themselves to a method of solidarity and then implement them.
But it needs political leadership, no multiple choice and no excuses.
It is a good thing that Europe has its own presence there.
These possibilities must be preserved!
And yes, Parliament took part in this game in the end, that is right.
I would like to end by calling for senator Leila de Lima to be released without delay, to drop all charges against her and to ensure her safety in custody.
If we do not want more people to come, because hunger allows them nothing else – poverty, fear of dictatorship and war – then we must act.
David McAllister (PPE), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
Firstly, the EU budget obviously has billions to reallocate.
It cannot be that we in Europe do not have a legal framework for collective actions.
No, we still need diesel technology for many, many years.
This was an important debate.
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 162(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
But dear friends, my joy is not unclouded.
But we know about our possibilities, including their limits.
It is the social climate that we need to change.
That means giving us rules for this behaviour.
Yes, it is important that Facebook can delete inflammatory statements, but then it needs a final decision in court.
From this summer, stays of up to 90 days will be exempt from the visa requirement if you have a biometric passport.
I would also like to thank Mr Vajgl for his good report, even though we cannot vote on it today.
Birgit Sippel (S&D).
Conservative David Cameron will go down in history as a man whose short-term populist successes were more important than the fate of all these people.
Josef Weidenholzer, on behalf of the S&D Group.
It is indeed crucial that we carry out qualitatively effective and efficient controls.
Europe is at a crossroads today.
However, the Court of Auditors' reports, all the work, the consideration of the employment agencies, have shown that they are very valuable instruments for the implementation of the demands that we have as a European organisation, whether it is in the environment or in the health sector.
That is why criticism is always right – and we need to develop further, but when you look at the picture as a whole, I think that has been quite a big step forward.
Their recent economic analyses were very impressive – the problems of southern Europe are due to too much alcohol and women!
If a third of the food we produce is disposed of, then there is no reason for me to continue this agricultural policy as it stands.
Yes, in a nutshell: I asked you where do you take the certainty of hearing the truth from the Us State Department?
Our demand is that all prisoners imprisoned for sexual orientation should therefore be released.
We must support them.
The development of the eurozone and the fate of millions of people depend on its decisions.
These innovations must be made possible through digitisation, through sharing economy.
Practicality of driving and rest periods is another key word.
And if we now find a system that perhaps builds a bit far on the German system and then enables digital solutions with which we can be active across borders – yes, why not?
Economically, this agreement is certainly a success.
In this respect, our question is indeed: how can we improve implementation?
Moreover, we cannot solve everything at all, and part of the responsibility lies with the Member States.
It's so easy to think in, but it's obviously still too complex for the Brexit camp.
Yes, at first sight, and as far as I can judge so far, I am actually positively surprised when it comes to the working conditions of lorry drivers.
Catch-the-eye procedure
Madam President, Commissioner, representative of the Council, I would like to thank the Rapporteur for the excellent work he has done.
And there are many incidents in Sri Lanka where this is not happening.
The Commission wants a common budget, Eurobonds and, of course, a euro treasury by 2025.
I should also like to take this opportunity to remind you that there is also the Commission's White Paper on the five scenarios.
There are only 46% of the original population, which has a high level of languages and tribes, so it is unlikely to clean up there.
We voted in favour of the approval of glyphosate for another seven years – but with significant restrictions on use.
There are previously unresolved doubts about glyphosate, and you are consistently ignoring that.
You are completely ignoring the dangers to biodiversity, and you are now saying: business as usual, this can continue.
I can only warn Mr Juncker's Commission that this is not just about health, it is not just about agriculture – this is about confidence in Europe.
Haradinaj made the election promise of a 90-day visa waiver for the Union.
And with this policy you will not save Europe, you will not save the eurozone, but you will destroy the European Union.
And then we must remember that democracy and the rule of law must be filled with values behind it.
Proposals for tax fairness are already on the table, such as the public country-by-country reporting of multinationals.
Do they comply with environmental standards?
If I park incorrectly, I also get a problem.
We cannot allow this to happen.
Monsanto sat at the negotiating table, the nuclear lobby sat at the negotiating table.
And the third wish: of course, in all the things we do, we should make sure that it is feasible and that it also takes place in a non-bureaucratic way, because in the end, people and medium-sized enterprises must be able to apply it.
You will see this: this issue has been raised in every speech so far.
I did not want to ask Mr Auštrevičius a question, but I would like to ask Mr Mureşan a question.
I believe that, when it is implemented, this paper contains many interesting elements, starting from the operating cap for large enterprises, so that we can achieve budgetary policy objectives for new priorities, but also improve existing policies.
The crucial point, however, is that if, for my part, the proposal is on your table in May or June next year, then there are two great time slots for the discussions in Parliament and the Council, and ultimately in the European Council.
The vote will take place tomorrow, Wednesday, 5 July 2017.
Google, Starbucks and Amazon chose the countries with the best tax advantages, and criminals chose the countries with the weakest justice.
This does not help the country, but only a few large owners in that country.
I therefore ask colleagues to vote in favour of the threshold of EUR 750 million during the vote this afternoon, not to go further.
This is a clear violation of our fundamental principles.
Above all, I would like to focus on a sustainability objective, which until now, apart from all others, has only been mentioned by Commissioner Vella himself.
The answers you give to our questions are prepared by a non-competent Commissioner – you are not responsible – and they are read out – prepared statements prepared by an official.
Of course, agriculture and forestry must make their contribution.
The Social Democrats in this House are in favour of transparency in the representation of interests vis-à-vis the European institutions.
I believe that we should rather keep or even increase the financial resources in order not to shift expenditure to the future and to implement these projects later than the Americans or Asians.
I would like to express my sincere thanks to Cristian Preda for this report and for putting India at the heart of our deliberations.
Then everyone has some of it.
Therefore, it makes no sense to offer Wi-Fi in a public place if there is no powerful network behind it.
Thirdly, the diesel scandal is a political scandal.
It is not tolerable and belongs punished.
That's to cry, this game!
Mesdames et Messieurs les députés, nous présentons aujourd'hui même une nouvelle stratégie industrielle pour l'Europe, qui permettra à notre industrie de rester ou de devenir le numéro un en matière d'innovation, de numérisation et de décarbonisation.
Elsewhere, they don't mean much.
L'efficacité européenne gagnerait en force si nous pouvions fusionner les présidences du Conseil européen et de la Commission européenne.
It is now clear that we have the debate, that we are getting it.
Commissioner Vella said just now that you will work to improve these periods in the future.
But the Finance Minister is nothing more than the continuation of the fiscal pact.
The challenges of recent times have put our citizens' confidence in the European and national institutions at a breaking point.
As every year, the Court of Auditors has provided us with a comprehensive activity report.
Günther Oettinger, Member of the Commission.
We are working on this, but at the end of the day we in the European Union depend on the constructive participation of the Member States.
I would ask for your understanding.
But if Mr Orbán does that, he will be criticised.
I believe it is important for all of us that the European Parliament's budget also sets priorities.
I cannot therefore understand, Minister, why you are concerned here about the European Parliament's proposals for an increase in the amount of EUR 416 million in research policy and over EUR 800 million for better transport routes and transnational electricity routes in Europe.
That is why I appeal to you.
And what we are doing with PESCO is only a lame start, but we should move forward here.
It is probably due to my East German biography that I have a strong distrust of such data collections.
In recent days, social media has been all about sexual harassment in the workplace, as thousands of brave women have shared their experiences and demonstrated the widespread spread of the problem.
I find it scandalous that the United States refuses to reflect on concrete progress and even refuses to put a text on the table at all.
Mr President, Commissioner Vella, ladies and gentlemen.
In fact, everything we can read now in the Paradise Papers seems like a déjà vu: tricky tax savings models, letterbox companies, dodgy law firms specialising in legal, semi-legal and also illegal tax practices.
Elmar Brok (PPE).
In other words, European farmers have come into the grip of the superpowers who, if they like, are making great policies at the expense of third parties, namely small and medium-sized enterprises, our farmers.
No one can tell me that, for example, a hotspot like moria, which is permanently overcrowded – instead of 2 500 there are 5 000 to 6 000 refugees there – can be made winter-proof.
That is the point that I would ask the Council to address and say: let us not talk about general matters, but let us become concrete.
We should urgently review the effectiveness of this aid, after a Court of Auditors report also raises serious doubts about the effectiveness and efficiency of this facility.
This can become an area fire that cannot be indifferent to us.
As a citizen of a net contributor Member State, I am proud of the fact that part of the money taxpayers give to the European budget from Germany, among other things, goes to Bulgaria for infrastructure projects.
In other words, we are basically only a fortyth to a fiftieth of what is spent from public funds, actually a very economical event.
This is probably the least budget the European Union has ever had in this sense.
If we start from the climate budgets, the CO2 budgets that remain for us, then if you manage the energy sector as you are now planning, we would have to decarbonise completely after 2030 to 2040 in ten years' time.
And in order to make the best use of the pipeline infrastructure, connections – interconnectivity – are needed, and here I welcome the Commission's proposal to increase the interconnectivity target from now 10% to 15% by 2030.
Turning to the transatlantics among us, I make it clear that the possibilities offered by the EU Treaty are very much in line with our NATO commitments.
Marcus Pretzell (ENF).
We cannot develop a coherent European foreign policy if EU Member States continue to export uncoordinated weapons and ammunition to third countries.
However, what is now before us here in plenary is already annoying: we have a total of 38 amendments and split votes plus 12 more, that is, 50 motions by the Christian Democrats, 34 of the Liberals, which aim to weaken this report by a majority.
The Pillar of Social Rights is a first important step.
Jo Leinen (S&D).
Fascism is not an opinion, but a crime.
That is why I place particular emphasis on your support on this issue.
I think that the Plenary will vote on the report today in such a way that the report will be put back to order, also in your interest, so that your 99% where you have done a good job will also be in the Minutes.
This is still happening today, and we are fighting against it.
The development of global production and value chains and investments requires new regulatory frameworks that can implement the goals of sustainable development clearly defined in agenda 2030.
This is the issue of migration, this is the fight against tax havens, that is the fight against social inequality.
A transparent, improved monetary policy dialogue, for example involving the national parliaments, as we did in the European Semester, would be desirable.
Anyone who wants to continue running old dirt throws will be punished.
I do not want to provoke a debate either.
Knut Fleckenstein (S&D).
More journalists are imprisoned in Turkey than in any other country.
(The speaker agreed to answer a question on the blue card procedure under Rule 162(8) of the Rules of Procedure)
And to all those who travel home on the German side, let's say that we have a special day in carnival;
Stupid, but then the prosecution just makes him a witness himself, and so on and so forth in the script.
I can almost agree with what you said at the beginning of the debate.
Udo Voigt (NI).
However, the decision to halve the list 49 days after its publication raises concerns about the transparency of the Code of Conduct Group.
Sven Giegold (Verts/ALE).
It is certainly fully suitable for the task.
I always have to ask myself what I can actually achieve.
We call for no reduction in the Structural Funds, no use of subsidies for sanctioning purposes, and certainly not for arms purposes.
After all, we are talking about 10% of own resources with a financial framework of around EUR 1000 billion.
Günther Oettinger, Member of the Commission.
An upturn is evident in all Member States.
We must also try harder to create common standards here.
Mr. Trump reacts like a defiant child and says, yes, well, then I'll do even more.
And fourthly, we have to talk.
That is why either the social partners or the state, if necessary, must provide the appropriate framework.
I am all the more surprised that the Commission is once again only coming up with an action plan.
My group is really concerned about the lack of seriousness with which this issue has been chosen as a matter of urgency here.
Michel Reimon (Verts/ALE).
Next week's Brussels Donors' Conference on Syria should focus on the following areas: protection of civilians, humanitarian aid and support for refugees, prospects for a peaceful Syria.
We have already heard it today, the list of Russian aggression is long: from Crimea to eastern Ukraine, to the continuing attempts to destabilize countries such as Georgia or Moldova, to the events in Salisbury, to cyberattacks, to disinformation campaigns, to support for the barbaric Assad regime in Syria.
Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
Nord Stream 2 would increase Europe's gas dependence on Russia, at a time when, as you said earlier, it is important for Europe to have a clear common position with Russia.
We at the Court of Auditors attach great importance to this new approach, because we believe that it offers the opportunity to provide better information to our stakeholders, but also to citizens, by creating more capacity for better audits.
Finally, we are making decisions that affect 510 million Europeans, and we must be extremely careful with taxpayers' money.
The first basis for this is databases in all Member States, not just some.
We support all this with the text to be adopted.
We do not want to force, we want to clarify.
It is ridiculous to say that two Greek officers who have actually lost their way on the border pose a threat to Turkey.
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned.
I am open to more targeted, more targeted support.
It should be between 10 and 12% of revenue over the course of the period.
The debate is closed.
This means that we need to develop this House further;
If large farms are to be capped, it must be ensured that the money remains in the agricultural budget and benefits medium-sized and smaller farms and young farmers.
This would also make Hamas' responsibility public.
That is why the European Court of Justice has ruled that trade agreements with Morocco must not relate to products from these areas.
That is why I say that both 1.3 and 1.114 do not break the fabric of Europe's levels – the European level, the national level, the regional level, the local level, the social level.
And unfortunately, unfortunately, no one here has stressed this yet.
That is why this bill of the so-called net payer is increasingly a fake.
It is not about more military, it is about more efficient investment in defence at European level.
Why?
Secondly, I think I have heard a little over 30 speeches and speakers who have been largely critical to negative about pre-accession aid to Turkey and have said that these pre-accession aid should be stopped.
Of the speakers who spoke today, one was from Austria, one of the countries – Austria and Denmark are the two – who are in favour of ending the accession process.
I am sure that my colleagues, if they have evidence, will also pass it on to you.
That's something which has to be welcomed, because the dialogue between governments and the European Parliament is as important as the dialogue between the Commission and the European Parliament.
Par conséquent, je serai très bref.
Elle sera différente de celle d'aujourd'hui, ce qui nourrit chez moi quelques inquiétudes.
It is quite clear: because here the euro constantly forces the potentially largest creditor – namely Germany – to constantly impose rules on the potentially largest debtor – namely Italy.
I would also like to thank all the speakers for their positive contributions.
I would like to begin by thanking you very much, Mrs Mogherini, for the comprehensive presentation of the situation and also personally – I believe on behalf of all the Members who are interested in foreign affairs in this Parliament – for your very personal commitment to this very important issue.
I would like to thank Mr Paşcu warmly for his very timely report.
Joachim Starbatty (ECR).
Because where taxes come from, liability must also remain.
I am very critical of the Commission's proposal, as we know, for two reasons: firstly, I consider it unnecessary, unnecessary, and, on the other hand, I believe that it does not solve the problems that we certainly have in the European internal market.
Let us devote ourselves intensively to Africa, the Caribbean and the Pacific – together, but still separately!
I can only appeal: start again to publish the anti-corruption reports systematically!
It calls for the nuclear agreement with Iran to be adhered to.
It is good to have you here, Mr Tusk.
This is not about protecting drivers or protecting workers coming from Eastern Europe to Western Europe.
We will have to work together a lot, as in the past.
We want a European Union that is limited to its core competences.
I can only say that anyone who still says that it is complicated is simply malicious and does not know himself at all.
I would like to give you a proposal for simplification, which concerns public procurement.
Then, in a hard fight with the Council, we have achieved that there is so-called fresh money.
However, I see significant risks to freedom of expression and information.
That is why we hope for a strong Congress that, after the midterm elections, puts this president in his place.
The alternative is, of course, a method of capital isation, and this method of capitalisation is now being made madig by colleagues on the left and by colleagues on the far right.
I am pleased that parliament's report, which was adopted by a large majority in this House on 5 July, has also confirmed that we have achieved a great deal of agreement on the priorities we set for the European Union for 2019 and beyond.
And then, as Jo Leinen has just said, it does indeed offer many opportunities to rely on new product lines, on alternative materials that we can use, or also on start-ups that, for example, clean the ocean and eliminate rubbish everywhere.
Multi-resistant germs infect millions of patients in European hospitals every year and are estimated to be responsible for 90 000 preventable deaths.
In fact, we must also point out that more antibiotics are used in animal fattening than in human beings.
I am very grateful to you for saying where the hindrance is and who is blocking it.
Big internet companies like Facebook, Google & Co. must finally pay their taxes!
The real problem was: will the European authorisation and authorisation procedure meet the self-righteous objectives?
But then you have to go through 28 different procedures in 28 countries and collect additional data – scientific data – to answer the questions they have about this drug.
No, the European Union must proactively influence this debate and bring it forward, so that we can ultimately take up this united nations approach, which is already 40 years old, and impose a clear duty of care for businesses.
That is the reality!
But it is a disregard for those who listen outside via webstream.
Jo Leinen (S&D), answer to a question about the blue card procedure.
We cannot explain why we are discussing 30%, 40%, 50% to 80% here in this Chamber.
We are part of a strong movement of solidarity, democracy and anti-racism.
In and of itself, everything seems clear.
I regret this because I would have liked the British to have been a reform partner.
(The President interrupted the speaker)
However, the EU should not rejoice too soon, because an agreement is more important for the EU than for the British.
Bernd Kölmel (ECR).
That is what we have discussed here in this House.
We must continue to fight in Germany to ensure that we have at least EUR 12 minimum wage.
We hear it from all the speakers: although we have strict anti-money laundering rules, recent examples in banks in the Member States, but also outside the banking sector and outside the European Union, which are closely linked to the European Union, show that our rules are not effectively monitored and enforced everywhere, and that there is a multi-digit billion sum of money laundering within the European Union.
We must not continue to conclude unfair migration deals, deport refugees to non-secure countries and build camps inside and outside Europe.
There are also suspicions, investigations, surveys and results in other Member States.
I cannot allow this to be circumvented.
Let me say, Prime Minister, that it was a pleasure to listen to you.
Udo Bullmann, on behalf of the S&D Group.
It would have been austria's vote to get a majority for 40%, and austria did not deliver here.
Every day, as Finance Minister– including in my own country – I am confronted with the fact that, of course, there must also be awareness that state budgets are financed by taxpayers and that we also bear the responsibility for the decisions we make here in this context.
The Development Committee also called for the first time in this year's decision that the costs of receiving refugees in donor countries should not be included in the calculation of Official Development Assistance as before.
Saudi Arabia should no longer receive arms exports, as the conservatives here in the House have decided.
But the Russian side must know that we are serious.
We have seen this time and again in recent years.
The figures must be understandable and comprehensible to citizens.
A study from Oxford University, in cooperation with Lund University has shown that in Sweden, in the Swedish election, about 30% of online communication was fake news, and that a whole lot of all that fake news was imported from foreign countries.
But you have never appreciated this human dignity with your political clique.
For example, european taxpayers' money would not have created motorways in Greece, where traffic is minimal today.
And it is now being regulated even more.
I would like to highlight three successes: antibiotics must not, under any circumstances, compensate for poor animal husbandry conditions.
Do you want to bring traffic to a complete halt, or what is your idea?
In this way, environmentally friendly rail will be expensive and the environmentally damaging road will be made cheap by politics.
It's almost like a family reunion after the very long and tough negotiations we've been through to get the whole thing going.
We too regret the death of the young man, an Albanian national of the Greek minority.
As you know, it is only the second legislative proposal of all that the European Commission has brought to the European Parliament in the field of competition law, and I believe that the House has been able to resolve the sometimes difficult balancing issues in European competition law sensibly here.
I do not agree with the previous speaker.
I believe that setting goals and setting deadlines is the right way to move forward.
I regret the decision of the citizens of Great Britain, but it must be respected.
However, it is not easy to get a majority in the European Council for this.
But we, as the European Council – in any case Germany, together with France – will very well present visible successes by December.
That Chinese companies are now investing in Germany is okay.
I have to say that the first complaint came under Wolfgang Schüssel in 2006 and that the Roaming Directive was the shortest directive of the European Union, that it succeeded within seven months from The Reding proposal to its implementation in all Member States.
On Brexit, we are swimming in the same channel.
Europe is stronger than ever in history because it is united, because it is economically strong, a factor that some powers in the world do not want to see cooperatively, but want to weaken in competition.
And perhaps the INF Treaty is also an example of putting an international treaty of new bilateral, regional or multilateral nuclear disarmament agreements on the agenda of international security and peace policy.
I can't be an anti-American at all.
I would like to thank Pilar del Castillo and Evžen Tošenovský very much for their reports.
We therefore welcome the need for all new cars to be equipped with digital terrestrial broadcasting for reception in the next two years.
Paul Rübig (PPE), question on the 'blue card' procedure.
The latest report in particular notes that the country is making progress in terms of the political criteria and the five main priorities for eu membership.
more and more countries are recognizing it.
But we can also be part of this solution.
We did not have a German drought this year, we had it all over Europe.
You yourself said today, and we have discussed it long and wide: intellectual property rights, innovation, personal data are not endangered by this draft.
I would like to give a clear response to an impression that has arisen from a speech: that we all have not developed any measures and proposals at all.
What the Austrian Presidency had as its motto – 'A Europe that protects' – is, at last, what you should write in your regular book.
It is now up to the other institutions, particularly the Council, to take decisions.
Then there are some who are upset about the austrian Presidency's record, which has not yet been presented.
Let the people have a say!
The Finance Minister was head of the Audit Authority for EU funds and has proven to have intervened in the work of these authorities.
In the new year, I am willing to respond bilaterally to your questions, perhaps also to respond to them again in the discharge, but, as I said, to report comprehensively to this Parliament before mid-April.
Overall, they say, there are between 6 000 and 8 000 rare diseases in the European Union, but a total of 30 million out of 500 million people are affected – a significant number.
On the whole, I am pleased that we have written a very practical text which has nothing to do with the often summoned Brussels Ivory Tower.
If a head of an advertising agency had to make a film about Europe, he would have to invite all the people of those agencies so that the Interreg projects ...
And that is exactly what we expect from Europe: that Europe is fun.
The assessment of those who think that this is not part of the democratic debate is a fundamental mistake.
Everyone wants us to do more in terms of border protection.
First of all, I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs, the draftsmen of the opinions of advisory committees, my team and their teams for the fact that, in a few months' time and in a pragmatic way, we have been able to draw up a comprehensive report on the Bank's activities in 2017.
As far as the funding side is concerned, I would like to make a comment, Mr President: in 2017, around a third of EIB bonds were issued in dollars.
The focus on protecting the EU's financial interests is important to me.
Bringing together a strong programme of 'rights and values' here in the European Union means, of course, that it will also be implemented in practice in all Member States.
But if the political groups and the Conference of Presidents had considered it right to allow this debate for a longer period of time, they would have done so.
In fact, they are completely intransparent.
So it is not a question of regulating matters, but of not having an agreement, for the different reasons I have outlined.
No, they even show solidarity with this troop of thugs.
This has also been said, and the diktion therefore sets out measures against external intervention.
Some do this, others don't.
I hope that the Fidesz Party will come to its senses here and that its anti-discrimination strategy will then be followed by real action.
Herbert Dorfmann (PPE).
Europe has not shown sufficient solidarity.
The agreements show that, in order to realise our values and interests, Europe is looking for enhanced cooperation with Asia.
Those seeking privileged trade relations with the EU must also ensure a minimum level of workers' rights.
We will certainly have to take further steps in this area.
All this does not have to be counted as driving time – i.e. paid.
The next item on the agenda is the debate on the Council and Commission statements on security threats related to China's increasing technological presence in the EU and possible measures to reduce them at EU level (2019/2575(RSP)).
This means equality, not discrimination, sustainable development and respect for human rights.
I would like to thank the Secretariat, the members of the group and colleagues.
The Commissioner can only be congratulated on the fact that, even with interesting deals, it is not only possible to increase revenues through customs duties, but also to help European companies have a chance on the world market.
I think we are well advised to prepare ourselves as Europeans for attacks of this kind.
In other words, we are a long way behind here.
We are putting an end to the existing fouls of large trading chains at the expense of farmers and other economically dependent suppliers.
For the protection of the companies which are now included in the scope of application goes far beyond the definition of what small and medium-sized enterprises have been to this day.
For example, firstly, all EU citizens will in future be able to support a citizens' initiative, regardless of their place of residence.
But now we have a new opportunity, because Manfred Weber said last week that he would end the accession negotiations if he became President of the Commission.
In my opinion, this has to do with the fact that our experience of organised misinformation, propaganda and incitement in our countries has now gone much deeper.
I would like to enrich the debate with a practical example: every year, as a number of studies have shown, billions of criminal money from criminal transactions are channelled into the German real estate market alone, and dirty money is then laundered.
When I started my studies 30 years ago, the proportion of women in this technical study was 15%, and 30 years later nothing has changed.
What measures do you propose, Prime Minister, to effectively combat long-standing anti-Ziganism?
No one wants to teach your country.
Only in this way can East and West grow together.
At this historic moment, we must not make any more mistakes.
It is a real, real shame that we do not react here and that we continue to die in the Mediterranean without taking action.
The central message was that growth will slow significantly in the coming months.
And rest assured, the 2020 draft will be built on whether the uk's friends are willing to participate in the 2020 budget with all rights and obligations, or whether brexit without an agreement will imply that there will be no deposits from London next year, but no participation in programmes.
Incidentally, for a Brexit gap for the budget framework over the next decade, as the Commission, we have always proposed my formula to offset the Brexit gap by 50% by cuts and 50% by slightly higher deposits.
They should come forward with their demands, they should question us and we should be giving answers.
Unfortunately, it was decided yesterday that the Conference of Presidents would be cancelled today.
It is more than regrettable that the Commission is not very clear on this issue and is already going to make some sort of half-back.
I am therefore pleased that we have now finished our analysis on this issue, which looks at the underlying causes of the record eur 267 billion of outstanding commitments in 2017.
Institution-building, democratisation, the rule of law are also the top priorities of our instrument.
I know that the whole discussion hangs on to the famous Article 13 and everything is focused on it.
The same politicians, who are here fully fighting for the minimum wage, for adequate incomes, ignore here a situation in which capitalist large corporations exploit cultural workers to the point of no longer going.
More than 1200 amendments have been included in the TAX3 report.
Otherwise, I think that the directive really is also a milestone: we simplify the distribution of TV and radio programmes on the Internet by making rights clearing easier.
Because it was freedom of movement that led britons to vote for Brexit.
Do we want to do that, duck away and let this package die?
So much for Mrs Foster, for her attacks on Labour.
Perhaps you will also realise that it is not the way in which the majority of the people here are taking it, but perhaps another way in which European cooperation can find a good future, to cooperate less, to cooperate better and deeper, perhaps a good one, where cooperation is being carried out.
In the past, we have failed to take account of the fact that small, low-risk, local banks should be treated differently from large, internationally riskier banks.
The Deutsche Bundesbank shows a way out of this vicious circle.
Written declarations (Rule 162)
Among the ten largest research companies in the world – among the ten companies doing the most research – there is still a European one.
Because, thank God, children are less likely to develop cancer, but when it happens, it is particularly bad.
My group is ready to do so.
While I warmly welcome the strengthening of Frontex through staff and resources for effective coastal border protection, I regret that Frontex cannot help non-EU states to return to their countries of origin.
That is what the citizens of Europe expect from you.
But here we are talking about bonds issued by banks, which are secured by valuables in a cover pool that is protected from access by other creditors precisely because one can also doubt the creditworthiness of banks.
Othmar Karas, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Under great pressure of time, we had to vote in committee, and there was not enough time for the trialogue either – too little time obviously to find a result that the Council could have agreed to.
Elles portent sur des réformes importantes, notamment le régime d'asile – j'aurais souhaité que nous puissions adopter toutes les directives qui gravitent autour de la nécessaire réforme du régime d'asile.
Paul Rübig (PPE).
Gesine Meissner, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
It was a strange spectacle that you, Mr Weber, who led the campaign for top candidates, were today the first to congratulate and call for the election of Mrs von der Leyen, and the question I ask myself is: do you actually have self-respect?
On the contrary, you are sending the wrong signals in permanence, thus also fulfilling the business of smugglers.
It's not an icon, it's not a saint, it's a lawbreaker.
We shall now move on to the procedure for spontaneous speeches.
Mr Lins.
We Greens very much regret that the European Parliament has not adopted a resolution on forest fires in the Amazon.
Then there should at least be support for the Commission's proposal.
Allow me, first of all, to express my great incomprehension at the fact that two great negotiators – the European Union, but also the United Kingdom, both of which postulate themselves to be great influencers in the Western world – are unable and unable to implement a directly democratic referendum accordingly.
These people are needed.
Did you know that Turkey has an increasing number of child rapes in religious institutions, that workers in Turkey die every day in industrial accidents?
The same applies to the challenges directly related to migration.
Angelika Winzig (PPE).
Please note that, in parallel with the use of the electronic system, a standard application is also possible, i.e. by lifting up a white sheet of paper or by registering personally at the beginning of the debate with colleagues in plenary for spontaneous speeches and by raising a blue card for the blue card procedure.
Please note that, in parallel with the use of the electronic system, a "standard application" (by raising a white sheet of paper or by personally registering at the beginning of the debate with colleagues in plenary for spontaneous speeches and by raising a blue card for the blue card procedure) is also possible.
We have no understanding of this original table position.
It is only in general terms that the Rules of Procedure provide for a balance to be struck.
For it is you – the Left and The Greens – who do not interfere with Germany's anti-Israeli vote at the UN.
While Parliament wants to deviate upwards from the Commission's proposal by EUR 2.7 billion, i.e. proposing a stronger budget, the Council wants to cut commitments by EUR 1.5 billion.
We now have a new agreement, which again creates the legal certainty for an orderly withdrawal of the UK from the European Union.
It is already the third British Prime Minister to deal with this issue, and it has become worse and worse.
Markus Buchheit, on behalf of the ID Group.
Upheavals are associated with pain.
Refugees must be allowed to apply for asylum.
The EU annual budget for 2020 should be a clearly structured budget, a clear overview of expenditure and financial frameworks.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, i would like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for his excellent report.
Changes are now also being made in the Council.
We will keep this to the Federal Government for years to come.
Banners are not allowed within the Chamber and are contrary to the Rules of Procedure.
I expressly welcome the work and the efforts by the rapporteur, Mr Canfin, to improve the regulation tabled and to put a stop to the gambling.
I can only agree with the rapporteur.
We were also very concerned about the information.
(Applause)
As a very young man in Austria I experienced this revolution, with its great aims of pluralism, freedom of the media and freedom of expression.
A French interim report confirms the positive impact of these measures, which includes maintaining local businesses and, therefore, preserving jobs.
Another important issue concerns the interaction between genetically modified crops, pesticides, radioactive radiation and other chemicals, which has not yet been adequately investigated.
In the normative section, we try to establish a European consensus on what, from our point of view, constitutes democracy, what it absolutely must encompass.
What I said about the Neighbourhood Policy is addressed, first and foremost, to the Vice-President of the Commission.
I believe that Europe should head towards a sound future.
Mr President, there is no other policy area where the European Parliament has so few rights of codecision as in the fields of foreign and, especially, of military policy.
﻿Rainer Wieland (PPE).
However, in order to achieve this, we need to agree on the way in which we will cooperate in future.
It is essential that the previous approach of intensive global cooperation should continue and that further integrationist steps should be taken in this area.
The world was a completely different place 10 years ago.
The next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance.
However I would like to ask whether the European institutions are doing themselves any favours by meeting with Mr Berlusconi on the day he should actually be appearing in court in Italy to answer charges in connection with the prostitution of minors.
In addition, we need a minimum level of consistent sanctions, otherwise the companies will simply move their headquarters to the countries which have the least stringent sanctions.
This is what we are currently discussing.
﻿Cornelia Ernst, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
﻿Mr President, I would like to respond to the speeches made by the Finance Minister and the President of the Commission.
The level of rapprochement with the EU depends on how our neighbours develop in terms of the rule of law and democracy.
﻿President.
How do you actually imagine it will end if we pursue competition for the raw materials of the world by aggressive means?
The Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Cape Verde is classified as important for the EU’s fishing activities, yet at the same time, the fishing activities of the EU in Cape Verde’s waters – according to the evaluation report – will have a minimum impact on sustainability in those waters.
I voted against this report as I reject the notion that, if in doubt, humanitarian assistance and disaster relief should be tackled from within the framework of the common security and defence policy (CSDP).
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
This is superfluous.
I voted against this report because it completely ignores the role of the SMEs.
In view of the fact that 36 million jobs in the EU depend on foreign trade, there is a need for analyses and strategies that will meet the needs of the Union and its citizens.
That is why the European Union exists.
This support makes the European Union a visible presence in the Member States.
I would like to make it quite clear that some enterprises are urgently awaiting this.
That is sufficient incentive to be efficient and the Commission now needs to implement this.
We cannot adopt something that is not even on the table!
We are very much in favour of completing the internal market, but that alone will not generate the necessary growth within the European Union.
The subjects that they had not agreed on.
They would be doing for the first time what needs to be done: winning back confidence in Europe, the confidence of the citizens and of the investors.
The Council is starting to introduce pre-summits and main summits within the space of three days.
The EU must draw the necessary conclusions from this fact and place restrictions on economic migration.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI).
What gives particular cause for concern is the degree to which Italian mafia organisations and other European and non-European criminal organisations (for example, the Russian, Albanian, Turkish and Nigerian mafia), as well as drugs cartels, have created networks in almost all EU Member States.
The Eurobarometer survey has shown how much ignorance there is.
For us it is not an option simply to push this distressful matter out of sight without taking the necessary steps to remove it.
I believe that the rapporteur, Mr Fernandes, has for the first time in years achieved a significant breakthrough in respect of this part of Parliament’s budget, and I am pleased that the cooperation was so constructive, particularly with the Secretariat and the Bureau.
No laws may be enacted that exceed either one of these two ceilings.
In the European Union, that is particularly important in regional policy and represents the second largest budget area.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
Firstly, democracy needs time, Mr Van Rompuy.
The President-in-Office of the Council now tells us that a process that has taken over a year has finally reached a conclusion.
Yes, that is true.
I am convinced that you are paying no attention to major changes.
﻿Constanze Angela Krehl (S&D).
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Estimates indicate that the construction costs for ITER will amount to EUR 6.6 billion.
Therefore, in order to accommodate the current disparity of EUR 2.15 billion, the Euratom budget must be increased by around EUR 3.15 billion to make a total of approximately EUR 5.3 billion.
﻿Elisabeth Köstinger (PPE), in writing.
By May 2012, the EU Commission aims to publish a Consumer Agenda which goes beyond the scope of the 2007-2012 EU consumer strategy.
Penalising democratic decisions, democratic majority decisions, with sanctions or the withdrawal of funds is no way to establish peace in the Middle East.
As a left-leaning politician, I say to you that the Roma do not belong in separate schools, and neither do disabled children.
Therefore, all remaining barriers and market distortions, even those that are tax-related, must continue to be broken down in order to promote cross-border trade and enable a fair distribution of income between the Member States.
This is a further necessary and important step towards a comprehensive international prosecution process.
I would also ask that the European Commission should continuously strive to ensure that Egypt does not just pay lip service to democratic principles, but that it actually puts them into practice.
However, in our opinion it definitely was a failure on the part of the authorities, which were unable to give the people in Split proper protection.
The recommendations of the Council and the Commission are then to be implemented in the second semester.
In the committee’s view, what is now needed is for us to tackle these problems specifically in order to utilise the Structural Funds better and to deal with the causes of the problem.
Finally, the rapporteur calls for the creation of a European Ministry of Finance and a European Treasury able to issue eurobonds in order to prevent the repeat of previous errors.
The other news, which is to say the bad news – and I, personally, am really peeved by this – is that the Member States have more and more new duties for the European Parliament and constantly pass on new functions to us, but then, when it comes to funding, the necessary funds are not handed over along with the responsibilities.
﻿Alexander Graf Lambsdorff (ALDE), Blue-card answer.
It is not right to finance the Defence College via the EU, to open up the Structural Funds to the defence industry, or to fund a military Erasmus Programme out of our budget.
The courage and the lack of fear shown by these people point towards a new era.
This should not, however, lead to the dilution of this regulation in any way.
The banking licence for the EFSF would be the simple and obvious way of achieving this.
If there is no creditor participation, the question which I believe is still outstanding is the entire issue of justice.
We must also exercise this responsibility in the negotiations for the good of the citizens of Europe.
In the second amendment, relating to Article 19 on ‘rules of participation and origin, eligibility for grants’, the demands of the Member States to limit participation in calls for proposals to applicants from those countries participating in the relevant IPA cross-border cooperation programmes were taken into account.
We ought to give Mr Fleckenstein the negotiating mandate soon.
As regards the development of inland waterways, I would also like to take this opportunity to mention once again the planned development of the Danube.
One of them concerns road trains.
Thus, we can say that all the savings made in other sectors using billions of euro of our tax revenues are being eaten up twice and three times over by the transport sector.
The importance of health cannot be emphasised often enough.
Nonetheless, when the Treaties lapse and all restrictions run out, there will be no wave of mass migration to the old Member States from the other Member States.
Transparency and data protection are always in conflict.
﻿Bernd Posselt, on behalf of the PPE Group.
That is not normal.
The next item is the election of the Vice-Presidents of the European Parliament.
Jacek PROTASIEWICZ
This implies that there is no obligation beforehand.
Our consumers cannot understand why many active substances should be more dangerous in some Member States than in others.
In the past Denmark has repeatedly demonstrated that it is not always necessary to go along blindly with the EU mainstream.
Investments in this area pay off in the long term, since damage to the environment is generally very costly.
﻿President.
We should be discussing the related issues here, including democratic values, involvement in society, the prospects of the election and the emergence of a political and civil society in the Russian Federation, particularly against the background of the contradictory experiences of the Russian people during the Yeltsin era.
Even more important are preventive measures to avoid waste, something that is not given enough consideration in the report.
These reduce the physical burden on women and children and give them enough time to make use of educational opportunities.
The draft report was unanimously adopted by the Committee on Legal Affairs, and the opinion was adopted by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs with an overwhelming majority.
The vote will take place today at 12.00.
﻿﻿We need to choose new, different strategies here if we are to be able to make a really clear response.
﻿These people are the present, and they are making demands of the future, and quite rightly so.
Moreover, it is essential that the rights of minorities in Morocco must be protected in accordance with European standards.
Mr President, my question is for Commissioner Andor.
As there does not appear to be any reason not to do so, I have voted in favour of this report.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
We have played our part as colegislators.
(Applause)
What does that mean?
Without this, it would not have been possible for the planned programme for deprived people to continue.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
For that reason we need to break down differences in income and we need this intensive debate about quota arrangements.
As a liberal, I stand for competition, and I stand for a free and fair market economy.
Only 23% of the ministries in all the Member States are headed by women.
Mr President, Commissioner Reding, the Commission has set itself ambitious objectives.
Which countries are blocking the extension?
Austria has raised similar problems in the Council.
Almost EUR 3 billion of this is destined for areas with below-average economic growth.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
In addition, we must guarantee more transparency in the world cocoa economy by compiling and analysing the relevant statistics and studies.
However, in order for this to be able to happen in a sensible manner, these countries need to meet the accession criteria and abide by European values.
My report has 59 paragraphs, but, unfortunately, I can only mention a few of them.
That is why it is our duty to use it as carefully as possible.
﻿﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
This applies in particular to the Emissions Trading System, which is still more or less in its infancy.
The virus threatens the survival of many farming businesses, particularly at present in the lambing season.
﻿Knut Fleckenstein (S&D).
Of course this needs to be investigated.
I welcome not only price transparency – as already stated in my report – but also the establishment of a simplified conflict resolution procedure.
The ASEAN delegation will provide critical but positive support for this process.
I therefore have to say that the Commission proposal has not been fully thought out.
In technical terms, this proposal is based on the Greens’ proposal for project bonds.
The European panorama is diverse in this regard, and I think it makes more sense to leave this definition to the individual groups of suppliers, who then also communicate their rules.
To Mr Voss and the other Members who intend voting in favour of this agreement I would say: if our own EU Treaties mean anything to us, then we must reject this agreement.
In essence, you are saying that this agreement – which I regard as nonsensical – is good because if we did not have it, the US would do as it pleases anyway, regardless of the wishes of the European Union.
It is our responsibility to protect and balance the interests of our citizens.
In a resolution, we clearly indicated that data retention for up to 15 years was disproportionate.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
In order for eGovernment to be successful, the mutual recognition of identifications, authentications, signatures and Private Key Infrastructures is needed.
This is an area which I have been involved in for some time.
Mr President, this report once again makes it clear that the Arab Spring is a unique event.
This example shows the devastating scope of the patenting processes.
Madam President, I would like to give you our opinion on the discharge of Europol and Eurojust.
Synergies between the national authorities are therefore to be supported, and these should demonstrate more commitment in order that legal provisions are transposed properly and within deadline.
In my constituency, there are hardly any big companies.
﻿Reinhard Bütikofer (Verts/ALE).
We must not ignore the fact that the Member States are responsible for security and justice and that the EU is therefore interfering in their sphere of authority.
This report calls on the Turkish Government to introduce a zero-tolerance policy towards violence against women.
I think it is clear that the citizens of the European Union want this tax, and I think we have a great responsibility here.
environmental dumping will be the new challenge and will pose an even greater difficulty at global level than at European level.
I can assure you, however, that I will take this into consideration the next time, particularly in your case.
We have seen the simple peddling of the argument that the reform aims to help the least developed countries.
The next item is the report by Ivailo Kalfin, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, on critical information infrastructure protection – achievements and next steps: towards global cybersecurity (2011/2284(INI)) (A7-0167/2012).
In my view, we must continue to provide these missions.
We will not be able to impose our system on other countries as we did in colonial times.
These sections should therefore be rejected.
We expect a further increase in volunteer numbers and regard this project as extraordinarily successful.
Neoliberal politics led us into the crisis.
The EBRD finances investment projects in the private and public sectors.
﻿Martin Kastler (PPE).
Mr Schwab, you are aware of the PISA results for Germany, and they are, quite frankly, not particularly presentable.
We need crystal-clear rules for these people, whether cancer patients or those suffering from metabolic disorders, offering them absolute certainty.
Hence my question: where do the Commission’s responsibilities lie?
What are the Member States doing, however?
Because of that, I believe that we must vote against Amendment 134 and in favour of Amendment 129, which I proposed.
That can have disastrous consequences.
However, public libraries are financed using taxes and the authors are compensated.
This is why we must say a clear ‘No’ to ACTA tomorrow.
What is sometimes lacking is trust in the institutions and, perhaps, trust in Parliament on the part of the Council.
At the last moment, a few countries did manage to blemish this positive result, however.
Tell me what solidarity is supposed to mean in the European currency area.
After all, the debts for which we are jointly liable today are the taxes of tomorrow.
Mr President, Secretary of State, Commissioner, firstly, my sincere thanks go to the rapporteur for her constructive work.
Fear is the worst guide for democracies.
We need appropriate funding in conjunction with better use of the funding and efficiency as set out in the Europe 2020 strategy.
As this was not supported by the majority, I decided to abstain from voting.
The next multiannual financial framework must be examined carefully in order to ensure that the budget is implemented as efficiently and effectively as possible.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
As is apparent from the report, it is imperative that we apply maximum limits to the sulphur content of fuel.
The voices that see no future for Greece in the euro area are getting more and more numerous.
Thank you, Ms Ludford.
In this parliamentary term, it has become the exception.
﻿Claude Turmes , rapporteur.
That is why I think it important and necessary to make billions available in our European structural programmes each year for cofinancing in our proposed budget that you will be debating in the coming weeks for the budget years 2014-2020, and to encourage our Member States and our regions and local authorities, which call in the funds, to attach great importance to the subject of energy efficiency.
There was also an expectation that it would trigger investments in the energy sector, in industry and also in the private sphere in new technologies that would prevent CO2 emissions.
I would like to pick up on a comment made by Mr Watson.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Why not?
Banking union is also linked with the CAT4 and Basel III tasks.
You have made an unjust accusation against the Africans.
﻿Jörg Leichtfried (S&D), blue-card question.
However, if we did not have the ECB, we would be in a much deeper mess.
Since I have been helping him, he has become even bolder.
May I ask you, therefore, with a view to creating a common Europe, a Europe of solidarity and a Europe of progress, not to economise in areas where we could promote precisely that – namely employment, social cohesion and social integration.
And, in Africa, the trend is actually the reverse.
Mr President, all of us, regardless of group membership, want to offer medium-sized and micro-enterprises a good working environment.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Of particular importance, in this context, are the divergent views on the issue of genetically modified organisms.
Such a move must be rejected on principle at a time of austerity.
This obligation towards the electorate is incumbent on each and every one of us.
It is a serious political mistake.
We have taken an important and good step in the area of food speculation.
The commission issue was prioritised time and again by the Greens, but it is completely inexplicable to me how Social Democrats could end up with something like this.
As a result, we have produced something together.
In the current programming period, the Danube Strategy should be provided with resources and for the future period we need a dedicated budget line for the Danube.
However, as far as the House is concerned, the matter is settled.
It is imperative that these eight countries should sign up to the Convention.
Europe’s economic policy must be expanded to include a compensatory social policy.
We want to make it clear in our resolution that we explicitly reject this, as it could allow basic rights such as the freedom of speech, freedom of information and commercial development potential to be restricted.
At the end of 2010, 2 100 infringements had been reported against these.
The Commission should now review the way the Directive has been transposed and urge the Member States to apply it correctly.
In my view, the individual Member States must take appropriate measures that are in keeping with the infrastructure and the social and education system in the country in question.
At previous conferences, we learned that we have to take small steps.
﻿Jörg Leichtfried, rapporteur.
I thought that the Council and Parliament had already agreed on this when they agreed the intraday rule.
Member States must be able to prevent traces of GMOs occurring unintentionally both in conventional and in organic crops.
What has happened since then?
Around 80 million people in the EU live below the poverty line and 13 million people are supported by food aid programmes.
The economic and financial crisis has shown that existing commercial law has protected most Member States from protectionist measures.
I am hopeful of some positive developments during the next round of talks and that you will continue to press for a conclusion.
Finally, a thorough review is also required of the role of EU Member States in CIA operations.
I find it outrageous that we should cut short our plenary session because someone in this House suggested listening to what an unelected official has to say instead.
In the context of 2012 as the Year for Active Ageing, it is particularly important that the European Commission should redouble its efforts to improve the situation of older women and increase their participation in the labour market.
﻿This year’s report is essentially the same as last year’s and also as the report from 2008.
We have too many unemployed people and too few entrepreneurs.
﻿Barbara Lochbihler, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
For this reason, I have voted against this report.
If we have economic governance, then this House is the economic parliament.
It is a good, well-balanced report that tries to find ways in which the world’s number one tourist magnet, namely Europe, can further consolidate its leading position.
This is why we must strengthen the institutions of the European Union.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
I have voted in favour of the report, because it does a much better job of recording the mechanisms and control functions governing the countries with budget deficits and ultimately allows sanctions to be imposed.
We must make sure that people in Europe have enough to eat.
Madam President, I am much obliged to the Commissioner for his presentation.
If the sensible proposals that have been put forward here, including by Mr Barroso, cannot be put into practice, then the situation really is desperate.
What sort of a situation do we currently have in Europe?
It should also be possible to reintroduce border controls temporarily, if the security interests of citizens are being put at risk.
In the medium term, the airports of both countries could be included in the Schengen system, with the land and sea borders being included later.
An advertising video produced by Swiss banks says about this agreement that customers will benefit even more in future from the values of Switzerland as a financial centre.
In order for workers to take jobs in other countries, measures to harmonise social security, the protection of workers, language requirements and taxation are needed.
We also need to consider the health and well-being of animals.
However, we need coordination and monitoring of the effects.
Overall, after difficult negotiations, we have obtained a good directive.
We in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance are therefore extremely pleased that a workable agreement has been reached between the European Parliament and the Council.
In connection with the Financial Regulation, we are also discussing Article 56, which deals with shared management.
This is absolutely the right moment for a debate of this kind.
My report, which will be the subject of a vote tomorrow, deals with some of these conclusions and the associated general conditions.
The Euro-Mediterranean Aviation Agreement replaces the existing bilateral agreements between the individual Member States and Jordan in this area.
The regulation is important because the much-vaunted markets have completely failed in this respect.
This enables European consumers to benefit from affordable prices, informed choices and the option of switching providers, as well as high-quality services.
In particular, we still need considerably more ratifications in the Asian region.
Propose it.
That is not good enough for Germany.
Is the Community method to remain or not?
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
As part of the ‘Arab Spring’, the EU and US must take a concerted approach or, at the very least, should coordinate their efforts.
A full 90% of EU external trade and over 40% of internal trade involves sea transport.
All of these politicians have shown a great deal of maturity across party boundaries and have committed to taking a joint approach to European questions.
Elite bonds could therefore pave the way for a core European hard currency zone, a core European hard currency union, which would, in my view, make perfect sense.
That is particularly regrettable because, with the new ICI+, projects in developing countries can also be financed, and this involves projects that do not fall within the general definition of development assistance measures, for example sending European students to universities in Africa, Asia or Latin America.
This policy over the last 15 years is what has taken us into the crisis and, therefore, it must be stopped and reversed.
However, on one point I agree with him and my other fellow Members: this will become a government agreement.
Where citrus fruits are concerned, rather than being made up of large international producers, the European industry is an auxiliary industry supplementing the processing of fresh fruit.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
In addition, the accession process for Turkey should generally be stopped, as Turkey is not a suitable candidate country, and it continues to prove this itself impressively again and again.
People are very quick to criticise these agencies.
I had the pleasure of leading a European Parliament delegation in Sopot.
I would like to thank all those who have always listened so attentively to me and apologise to those I have wronged, and to all those who think that I am a good Member of Parliament, I would say: give me your vote for the next term of office!
That is why there is just one thing I would like to see: namely that we should pay due attention to this process – which I would again emphasise we all support – so that we do not overlook its negative effects, but rather make simple adjustments as and when necessary.
Although there is no question but that the European Union should pursue a strategy in relation to Asia, this should mainly be restricted to economic aspects.
This outrageous incident is an opportunity for me to remind us all, yet again, that the people of Western Sahara have been suffering for decades as a result of the inability of politicians to bring about a resolution to the Western Sahara conflict.
That is not normal.
Mr Daul, I am deeply disappointed by your statement.
I include my own country in this.
Prime Minister, you said it yourself: let us look at Romania’s current position.
I would like things to be different again after the Danish Presidency and would hope that we can once again take pride in Europe.
We remain a cohesive, able partner for our colleagues in this House and, of course, for the Presidency and for the European Commission.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
The International Civil Aviation Organisation is a specialised agency of NATO.
No one in Berlin is employing Gauleiter anywhere in Europe.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
If appropriate, the two institutions could act jointly and in unison.
﻿President.
Mr President, please could I request that a technician fix my microphone, because it is not working.
Contractual dealings in Germany are regulated by statute.
This is an important element of a functional market.
I believe that surfing the net when abroad must become much cheaper.
These agreements thus have an impact on the fishing activity of the EU fleet in international and third-country waters.
Almost a year ago, the first reading of the amendments to the directive on vaccinating against bluetongue took place in the European Parliament.
﻿Daniel Cohn-Bendit (Verts/ALE), Blue-card answer.
Charitable organisations and, in particular, the deprived people they help are reliant on this ongoing programme.
Although the EU is one of the wealthiest regions in the world, around 16% of the people in the EU live on or just above the poverty line.
﻿Thomas Ulmer (PPE), in writing.
The absolutely essential prerequisites for these ideas are the prior formation of a common fiscal union with all of the relevant mechanisms, such as a debt brake, and a legal basis in the Treaties.
﻿Heinz K. Becker (PPE), in writing.
After all, this strategy is intended to consolidate and promote the free movement of goods between the EU and the partner countries in this area.
These men have been taken out of circulation because they might have encouraged democracy and diversity in Russia.
The claim that we are improving safety by applying this stress test will be reviewed, in case of doubt, after the next nuclear disaster.
﻿﻿Sven Giegold, rapporteur.
We do not want you to call in the police to close it down if this is against the law, as Ms Reding has said.
The female members of the population must feel that they are adequately represented in the field of politics, which is why I strongly support the call for genuine equality of the sexes in political decision-making positions.
The United States and Canada are important trading partners of the EU.
The Commissioner has been there.
﻿President.
It is also of central importance that decisions in relation to choosing locations will need to include water-related points in future.
Even though the virus does not pose a threat to humans, farming businesses are suffering serious financial losses due to deformities and still-births.
I am also in favour of a policy of honesty with regard to Turkey.
The final draft agenda for this part-session, as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting on Monday, 12 March 2012, in accordance with Rule 137 of the Rules of Procedure, has been distributed.
﻿Kofi Annan has done what he could as a mediator.
In our Member States, we need to do what is necessary to ensure that the funds for the European Stability Framework (ESF) 2013 or 2014-2020, or for the other programmes, are not blocked or cut.
That is not a growth strategy.
The national social security systems need to be better coordinated.
Thus, we need to eradicate sources of error and the opportunities for forging passports and strengthen our border controls, particularly along the smuggling routes.
The Commission intends to re-evaluate the Less-Favoured Areas during the reform of the common agricultural policy (CAP).
How to actually get hold of these impact maps is indeed the most closely guarded secret in the European Union.
We need a common path that has no negative impact on the livelihoods of farmers and the food industry.
We are moving in the wrong direction by spending more and more money on analysis centres and data centres where more and more innocent people are analysed, while at the same time cutting the resources available to the local police working on the investigation of genuine suspects.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE), in writing.
I took this into consideration when voting.
Indeed, we will also have to say what funding will have to be made available for it.
The lively interest shown in the elections in France and Greece last weekend – precisely because of the debate on Europe – shows that what happens in Europe is seen as European domestic politics.
Let me make it clear at the beginning of my speech that a patent on life is unacceptable, and I also reject the patenting of conventionally bred farm animals and crops on principle.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
The remaining barriers to trade and investment must be subjected to further careful monitoring in order to protect the European steel industry, as the EU is yet to take any measures to protect this industry.
That is why we also had a nice debate again yesterday as part of the negotiations on the Financial Regulation.
Could you perhaps explain to us briefly what the most important successes of the Human Rights Agency have been recently?
Now for my second point, which is that the internal market is also a way of overcoming the crisis, creates jobs and contributes to growth.
On the other hand, however, even the best in class will be affected if its neighbour gets into excessive debt in order to buy its products.
Therefore, we must incorporate this option in the Structural Funds regulations, as has already been done in the Connecting Europe Facility in the field of infrastructure.
This could be done now.
﻿Madam President, I have rarely heard the Members of this House so united and speaking so passionately on a subject.
﻿Rainer Wieland, on behalf of the PPE Group.
I voted in favour of the report because we need to arrive at a uniform solution for the EU swiftly, since the potential threat posed by oil tankers must be countered – for the sake of the environment, above all, but also for the sake of fisheries.
Ms Lulling, you are as fit as a 38-year-old, I have to say.
It is a positive that there are now longer durations, and more certainties for exporters.
Is that our response to the Arab Spring?
The S&D Group, like the other groups in this House, is unanimous, and we will pursue all avenues – political and legal – to fight against what you have begun.
I am against eurobonds.
﻿However, Mr President, Commissioner Rehn, I believe that we also need to be careful.
If I look at implementation in Germany, I would have to say that, in fact, nothing at all has happened in this direction.
I fear that this point in this plan is pure gesture politics, not a real initiative for new jobs.
﻿﻿Evelyn Regner (S&D).
﻿Mr President, about a year ago, Parliament decided by a large majority to adopt the ‘six-pack’.
Many thanks for your visit, Mr President.
Mr Stevenson has also done some excellent work in teasing this out.
It is not going too far to say that counterfeit products can even put people’s lives at risk.
The consequences of legislating into being a rigorous water saving policy also need to be thought through, as such a policy would result not only in drainpipes getting blocked up and decaying, but also in the spread of microbes in the water pipes.
A commission of the Organisation of American States has been in Paraguay since yesterday in order to unearth the causes of the dispute.
I call on the Commission to submit a legislative proposal for the European Union.
﻿﻿Paul Rübig (PPE), Blue-card answer.
﻿Evelyn Regner, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs.
We also consider the provision in the agreement which specifies that essential products should be tested before they are delivered and certified and that this should be followed by mutual recognition to be sensible.
That is our job as politicians and as Members of Parliament.
I believe we need to take a brave step forward if we want to be successful here.
The other sums included in the EUR 120 billion package seem to have been counted twice.
and it will also improve safety because it will help prevent thefts or enable goods vehicles to be found again by providing location information.
To get straight to the heart of the matter: water is essential for our survival.
Mr President, I believe that it is necessary to assist all of these countries in the Eastern Neighbourhood Policy, so that the relevant rules are upheld in relation to democracy, the rule of law, fair elections, etc.
Something has gone wrong here.
﻿Jutta Steinruck (S&D), in writing.
The proposal presented by the Court of Justice is designed to allow judges to be appointed to the European Union’s Civil Service Tribunal on an interim basis.
For this reason, I would ask you to allow Ms Kiil-Nielsen to speak.
I would like to thank you all for expressing, through your applause, the fact that Mr Lambrinidis can count on the support of the Members of this House.
The text was negotiated in English.
I should like to refer to a letter to the Tabling Office signed by all German-speaking members of the PPE Group, the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament and also the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe – in other words, a clear majority of the German-speaking Members.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (ALDE), in writing.
Why should he invest now in renovating nurseries and schools and the town hall when it is not even the next mayor, but the one after that who will reap the benefit?
We will continue to need conventional gas from third countries in the long term.
I did not hear any complaints from the Commission either.
That is why it is crucial that the share-out of tasks between the ECB and the national supervisory bodies should be clarified quickly.
I have a couple of questions, however.
On the one hand, it is about the fact that we have intergovernmental agreements between Member States and third states that we know are not based 100% on European law, in other words that are not compatible with European law.
However, measures are required on a Europe-wide basis that will promote sales and increase brand recognition.
Some legal opinions state that such things have no place in a safeguard clause.
That is one of the main reasons why all the measures now being taken are being taken in this way.
In conclusion, Mr Barroso, I would like to offer you the opportunity to work closely together with us.
Member State parliaments have taken the Commission to task, above all, where it has provided an inadequate explanatory statement in respect of the principle of subsidiarity, or has failed to provide one at all.
﻿President.
This is the final year of the current MFF.
﻿President.
At the moment, it is not possible to have a common regulation applicable to all transport modes because of the lack of experience in relation to waterborne and bus and coach transport.
I think this is the right decision.
If we examine infrastructure in the single market, two things become clear.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, firstly, I think that the celebrations of the 20th anniversary of the single market on 15 October were a real success, since they united very diverse stakeholders, as we call them in EU-speak, and solicited support for this project, which has now been in existence for 20 years.
Every actor and every financial centre should be able to be controlled appropriately – we have not managed to do this.
Effective supervision must be established in order to ensure that all financial actors play by the rules.
The first is on the issue of position limits.
This would have been the collateral damage of financial market regulation and would have been in no one’s interest.
Repression prevails and the rule of law is unknown.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
That is an important step, with regard to us too, because the European Parliament has long been voicing that same demand.
My last comment is for Ms Tzavela as rapporteur.
This is certainly linked to the fact that our region is very densely populated – Commissioner Oettinger made reference to this.
This has been proven.
Many banks are still demanding processing fees for consumer credit that they are not permitted to charge, as the processing of the credit application is not a bank service for the customer, but – like the credit check – is carried out in the bank’s own interests.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (ALDE), in writing.
This reduction in the regulations will simplify the situation in this sector in an efficient and future-oriented way, as attention has also been given to ensuring that the current level of protection is not reduced.
According to the report, candidate and potential candidate countries should have resolved any disputes with their neighbours prior to accession, particularly those concerning territorial issues.
﻿Mr President, this is turning into groundhog day.
I think we would all be willing to contribute larger sums of money from our budgets if this helped to offer the people in Palestine, especially in the Gaza Strip, a brighter future, indeed, any future at all.
We therefore need a basic ban on speculative short selling of forward contracts.
This is not the sort of Europe that I want and I believe that the overwhelming majority of this House does not want it either.
I would like to remind everyone of the cases of Creutzfeld-Jacob disease (CJD) in people, of BSE in cattle and of scrapie in sheep and goats.
At the time, we should have restricted the ban on feeding animal protein so that it only covered ruminants.
I have tabled an amendment concerning the feeding of animals which may cause some irritation.
However, the result of this has been that some countries, such as the United Kingdom, Ireland and Denmark, have been excluded.
This criticism by Europe is therefore entirely reasonable.
We have criticised Denmark today for wanting to leave the Schengen Agreement for populist reasons.
However, the people there must also have economic prospects.
A word about the crisis: Mr Verhofstadt said that we have spoken with each Presidency of the Council about the particular challenge not only of the double crisis, but also of the triple crisis.
The European Parliament is clearly in favour of respect for human rights and minimum social standards becoming a mandatory component of free trade agreements in future.
One indirect effect is that it will force the parties to take a European stand, to debate European issues and programmes and to nominate European candidates.
Is now the right time to do this?
In a few years’ time we will constitute 5 or 6% of the world’s population.
﻿President.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI).
The first important point was the introduction of an approval system for a register of electricity traders.
The Commission is to evaluate the registration system in the future and propose further instruments to improve it.
This involves the necessary implementing acts which will enable the data collection process required for market monitoring purposes to be established quickly.
As Mr Gyürk has already said, we are now part of a European network.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
I voted in favour of the report since the EU’s offshore operations should offer the best possible level of safety in the oil production sector, so that disasters are avoided in the first place.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
However, in order for the Commission’s measures not to remain toothless, the elements of the offence of corruption must be uniformly defined.
Lastly, we ought to try, out of the numerous programmes that are available to us, to prioritise an investment programme to promote tourism.
I have some reservations about the way we manage the euro area.
I am a little surprised by Mr Cohn-Bendit, who spent five minutes berating you, describing your role as that of a blackmailer and calling on you to resolve the problems immediately, before leaving the Chamber.
We need to make effective logistics arrangements in advance.
Specifically, it calls for the focus to be placed on rewarding the results achieved rather than on checking inputs and for there to be a differentiated approach to dealing with irregularities.
I therefore voted against this report.
That is what we have heard today.
I have voted in favour of this.
Our approach is cowardly and we are too paralysed to act.
Mr President, Commissioner, the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund provides money from Europe for the people affected.
In Germany, there is talk of intelligent nationalisation.
That is perhaps our problem.
The President of the Commission says: ‘We need the financial transaction tax’.
﻿Paul Rübig (PPE).
One further point that is very important to me is that we have said that we do not want the cheapest offer, but rather the economically most advantageous offer.
Please ensure that in future, EU research funding is made available to companies which still pay taxes somewhere.
Instead of more centralisation, what we need is to move back to an association of States with equal rights, pursuing their own economic policies.
So far, the Council has not been in agreement with this view.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Therefore, it is time for us to deal with the obstacles and disadvantages that they face in day-to-day life and to ensure that their children have equal opportunities in education, training and the labour market.
Many of the Member States are already implementing resettlement programmes.
That will primarily be achieved – as has already been said today – through research.
﻿Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, this is indeed a serious problem.
Particularly when it comes to such a sensitive and important matter as combating child abuse, it is essential to provide the correct political answers.
Madam President, Commissioner, the European Parliament, working together with the Commission, is flexing its muscles in the interests of the children of Europe.
The media should not be allowed to provide an impetus for those with paedophile tendencies, who can interpret such publicity as a prompt for action.
I am convinced that this agreement can act as a benchmark for the other agreements that the European Union intends concluding with various states.
We owe that to our taxpayers, too.
For the purpose of prevention, it would be helpful to be able to do this one step earlier.
Italy has announced pension reforms.
In particular, the Greek banks need to survive the consequences of the haircut.
For this reason, our most important objective must be to maintain the effectiveness of antimicrobial agents in fighting illnesses in humans and animals.
This is for the European Court of Justice to decide and for the Commission to implement.
As a result, some individual Member States are no longer able to guarantee sufficient protection for their consumers.
As Articles 10 and 11 of the Protocol relate to the areas of judicial cooperation in civil matters which come under the terms of Article 81 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, these provisions will be covered by a separate act.
Madam President, I have just listened to your statement with great interest.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Our goal should and must be to prohibit access providers from discriminating against certain data content by transmitting it at different speeds, and we should do this at European and/or national level.
In Syria, the outcome is still undecided.
After all, we in the EU must set an example to other signatory states.
It must be clear that wanted criminals must not be received with military honours and Champagne, but dutifully handed over to the International Criminal Court.
Looking at the regulation of the financial markets, I see that the United Kingdom is blocking whatever it can, which is in every nook and cranny.
This legislative package is intended to provide further support for research and development measures in the area of nuclear technology already implemented in the Seventh European Framework Programme 2007-2011.
In the short term, the European Central Bank (ECB) must play a different role and the Heads of State or Government must commit to this.
Madam President, Mr Füle, these are good times for Croatia and for Europe.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
I cannot accept the methods adopted by the rapporteur, for which reason I voted against this report.
The motions for resolutions tabled under Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure will be announced at a later date.
Domestic violence cannot be justified on either cultural or religious grounds, and that is a principle that should apply throughout Europe.
I am pleased that he is attempting, by means of a few small amendments, to increase the pressure on the Member States slightly, but in a very polite way.
You should, however, reconsider whether this cannot be achieved at Community level.
The internal market is important for us and for everyone else.
As far as I can see, this has not been discussed either.
You can do that, but I must say to you that Parliament can only tackle this legislation with you on one condition, and that is if there is a guarantee that in all the subsequent stages, the European Parliament will sit at the table as the third partner, together with the Council and the Commission.
Victims of violence often move to a different area in order to distance themselves from the traumatic events that have taken place.
I therefore voted against the report.
The rapporteur refused to accept any of the proposals for compromises put forward by the PPE Group and, in the end, he explicitly shut us out, even with regard to very trivial matters.
It means public influence on the decision-making process.
I cannot believe that that is the case.
(The sitting was suspended at 16.25)
I very much welcome the fact – and I also said this yesterday – that Mr Orbán sees this Parliament as the place where discussions are held on the situation in his country and on the relationship between his country and the EU.
What makes me particularly sad, Mr Orbán, is that, like me, you know many people who fought against National Socialism.
However, a modern state and an open society cannot be based on a religion.
We now have a consensus among most of the countries in Europe that climate change will help the economy and that we must remain competitive, but that we must do this by investing in climate-related technologies.
As we are talking about transparency, I would like to know how yesterday’s vote went, because we have the right to be guided by this.
﻿Anja Weisgerber (PPE), in writing.
Unfortunately, UN resolutions are not always respected by the combatants.
We have offered this to Member States and they have accepted the offer.
That is why the Commission has offered to hold discussions with the competent parties in the Member States concerning what possibilities there may be for action – and there are already action teams on the ground in each of the eight countries with the highest rates of youth unemployment which will be in place until the end of February.
The biggest problem that I see, however, is in the relationship between the dairies and the retailers.
Therefore, we must ensure that the interests of small and medium-sized milk producers, in particular, are taken into consideration in the upcoming reform of the common agricultural policy.
I said no more and no less than that, and I cannot see a contradiction here.
The report is a logical consequence on the way to a uniform and practical protection of material and intellectual property rights in the European Union.
We need to coordinate closely with Turkey.
The second country is Algeria.
As Mr Vaughan has said, we are freezing travel costs and day-to-day expenses and, with regard to buildings policy – after all I am the rapporteur on buildings – I believe it necessary for us to examine closely what we have agreed to see whether buildings policy and construction projects are being managed in a professional, cost-efficient manner.
It is right that the money should be found from the defence budget.
It is not only Greece which is fighting for survival.
I welcome the effective involvement of the associated states Iceland, Switzerland, Liechtenstein and Norway in the comitology committees in the Schengen area.
Small businesses in particular rely on being given protection from the dairies and retail chains.
The regulation which has been adopted today puts dairy farmers in a stronger position in their negotiations with their customers.
A number of my colleagues have already suggested seriously considering choosing a new location for the 2014 ice hockey world championships, so as to prevent the President from using a prestigious project to build a sham profile in Belarus.
Mr President, one year ago, families, including mothers, men with children on their shoulders, Christians and Muslims alike, demonstrated for freedom and democracy.
﻿Hubert Pirker (PPE).
Unfortunately, this development in the Council has given rise to two camps.
The greatest risk, however, is that we will set a precedent, and that the Member States will use this to justify activities outside of the Treaty of Lisbon.
Nevertheless, these estimates must be used to establish the total allowable catches.
It is complaining about familiar irregularities in the hope of possibly influencing the forthcoming ballot.
It was a mistake to reject the fisheries agreement.
I would be very grateful for your support.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI).
It is true that it represents a compromise.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
I welcome the fact that the European Parliament has agreed to continue the ban on imports of hormone-treated beef into the EU and, at the same time, to introduce higher tariff quotas for high-quality beef from the US and Canada.
We intend to watch closely to see whether any steps forward are agreed on and implemented on the initiative of the next President.
Why is this?
EU development aid will therefore not only have to deal with reducing population growth, but also increasingly with the disposal of waste water.
The next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance in accordance with Rule 150 of the Rules of Procedure.
Mr President, Mr Rehn, ladies and gentlemen, if I have understood you correctly, Mr Rehn, what you have said today is that the Commission is fighting to ensure the continuation of the food programme for the most deprived people in the European Union.
We wish you every success in your efforts to obtain a triple-A rating for the bank.
Parliament has made its position clear.
We need to act now.
It contains lots of approaches.
﻿Mr President, what do Düsseldorf and Dortmund, Herten and Essen, Arnsberg and Würselen have in common?
In other words, you are going further than the original regulation.
The next item is the debate on:
I hereby ask you to take this House and its concerns seriously.
Not everything is certain, but a hundred years ago we had almost exclusively local production, and products were brought to market in their local area.
On the other hand, I am constantly hearing people say that the Dublin II regulation is an important means of resolving this problem.
However, this formulation clearly goes too far.
The simplest solution is not to travel to the United States.
However, these minimum provisions still leave the Member States some scope in connection with taxation.
The Erasmus generation takes this right for granted and sees it as an everyday part of life to be able to move around in an area without barriers and passport controls.
My group – and I have repeatedly made this clear – is not opposed to a policy of budgetary consolidation.
This balance must be respected, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity.
The Christians are the losers in this Arab Spring, and we must protect them.
I voted in favour of the report because it guarantees that a reasonable period of time for implementing the DSB recommendations and rulings, which was agreed between the European Union and China, will be respected by the European Union.
I expressly agree with those Members who welcome the fact that the Council is also here today, represented by Mr Wammen from the Danish Presidency.
However, we must make the context clear and if we weaken or water down the definition of SMEs by including mid-caps, there will be less money available to distribute to the SMEs in an area where the funding was already insufficient.
Let us then be ambitious, and let us say clearly – I would like to repeat this message – trust yourselves to lead, or at least set an example, or else get out of our way.
﻿Everyone wants to move in the right direction, but how do we get there?
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission by Pervenche Berès, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on the Youth opportunities initiative (O-000106/2012) – (B7-0113/2012) (2012/2617(RSP)).
In the Special Committee on the Financial, Economic and Social Crisis, and now in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, we members of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) were vehemently in favour of the FTT by a large majority.
Our primary aim should be to propose specific measures that provide incentives for making all aspects of life more resource-efficient.
We regret this action on the part of the Swiss authorities, particularly in view of the fact that this is just one of many measures that threaten the transposition of bilateral agreements between Switzerland and the European Union;
This absolutely does not reflect our objective of promoting regional integration.
Reading our newspapers in Germany – only today, one of the big dailies says that the German chancellor is asking whether anybody still sticks to the rules in Europe, or they say that Cyprus is the next candidate for a bailout – I ask myself: ‘What next?’.
It is up to each country to create duties and to specify how high that duty will be.
There are therefore no excuses for not implementing internal market legislation correctly and quickly.
(Applause)
We have made progress and we all hope that this agreement will be able to be concluded to the satisfaction of both sides – that means also to the satisfaction of the Members that you see here.
Perhaps there are certain areas in which we, in the European Union, could learn from you.
The next item is the explanations of vote.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Another step would be to ask the Chinese state authorities to lift all restrictions and to allow independent media, journalists and human rights observers unimpeded access and freedom of movement throughout Tibet.
Equally, one day we shall have a free Iran of many ethnic groups and religious communities that live side-by-side in peace with the old Iranian tradition and who are our partners.
I also wish expressly to welcome the compromise on special foods for coeliacs.
In committee, we initially amended that to 150 kilometres with a narrow majority.
This is a technically difficult dossier.
I would have liked a little more time for the debate and for the discussion.
This is of benefit both to the customs authorities and the rights holders.
﻿Jörg Leichtfried (S&D), Blue-card answer.
Another key point is subsidiarity.
I am very grateful to President Hollande for having strengthened the voice of social democracy.
Both of these are being sacrificed to short-term interests.
The third estate is often neglected because it is unable to make its voice sufficiently heard in politics.
In this context, Mr President, I would, of course, like to mention the financial transaction tax.
We need appropriate funding in conjunction with better use of the funding and efficiency as set out in the Europe 2020 strategy.
﻿Martin Kastler (PPE), in writing.
The German conservative group (CDU/CSU) believes that ACTA is, in principle, appropriate.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
﻿Bernd Posselt (PPE), Blue-card question.
They have understood that it is only possible to do business when the fundamental structures for commerce are in place.
The point there, too, is that we must involve the private sector on a massive scale, rather than just hoping to achieve success on a top-down basis using the old systems, in other words, development aid.
The European approach has proven itself and, in times of economic crises, existing tools should be carefully modernised without jeopardising their substance.
After intensive discussions within the group, we therefore introduced another refinement of Article 1 point 14 that envisages that the information that has thus far fallen within the scope of voluntary labelling under this system could soon be covered by food labelling rules.
﻿Hermann Winkler (PPE), in writing.
I support the suggestions for improvement.
If we want a green economy, then a common definition is needed which includes the question of equality as well as the creation of a sustainable, energy-efficient and healthy society.
Energy efficiency is really something to get on our soapbox about.
The Commission has not yet done everything that is in the statement.
Where unbundling is concerned – in other words, the independence of the transmission network operators – the measures have been taken.
If things have changed, then I am unreservedly in favour.
This results in unanimity in the Council, and means that Parliament is no longer involved in this matter in the codecision procedure.
In the light of our experience with the supervisory package, this is not acceptable.
Sometimes this requires a bit more time.
We now intend doing this in the common organisation of the markets.
– the report (A7-0237/2012) by Jörg Leichtfried on behalf of the Committee on International Trade on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council implementing the bilateral safeguard clause and the stabilisation mechanism for bananas of the Agreement establishing an Association between the European Union and its Member States on the one hand, and Central America on the other (COM(2011)0599 - C7-0306/2011 - 2011/0263(COD)).
I believe it is an acceptable compromise.
(Applause)
Despite all the justified criticism of events in Russia, this resolution should be rejected as too one-sided, and I therefore voted against it.
I wish to give an explanation of vote not in respect of this report, but in respect of the Moreira report on the agreement concerning immediate autonomous trade preferences for Pakistan.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
We discussed this intensively in the Subcommittee on Human Rights in July, and our demands can also be seen in today’s resolution.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, as a member of the Council of Europe and of the Eastern Partnership, Azerbaijan needs to heed its freely undertaken commitments in respect of human rights, democracy and the rule of law in the Safarov case.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, unfortunately, in committee, we were unable to adequately exploit the opportunity offered by an ambitious Commission proposal.
Madam President, legal, cross-border online access to orphan works is fundamental to the fostering of our diverse cultural treasures in Europe.
I have asked the Secretary-General to pull out all the stops and bring in every available expert.
﻿President.
Thank you, Mr Kalfin.
Most citizens are also completely unaware of the existence of Europarl TV.
In this context, 2013 may be the year when the rights of citizens are significantly strengthened in this respect.
It is one of the European Union’s most visible and most popular programmes and is already 99 % subscribed this year.
There are many, many important contributions here, both in the individual reports from the Commission to the Member States and in the work we at Parliament have produced.
﻿Heinz K. Becker (PPE).
This is a good way of working that can be further cultivated.
That is extremely important.
The Commission rightly considers that the European Union has exclusive competence in deciding whether the eight countries of Morocco, Russia, Andorra, the Seychelles, Albania, Gabon, Singapore and Armenia may accede to the Convention.
Secondly, it is also a success story in connection with our open internal borders and freedom of travel.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the democratic structure of the European Union is the subject of much discussion at the moment.
Mr President, the transposition of Community law is something that should clearly be of great interest to each and every MEP.
﻿Equal rights for all!
I cannot see any positive developments in Turkey, for example.
It is also a false argument, because the fact is that during the period from 2007 to 2013, the European budget grew by just 1.95 %, compared with much larger increases in all the national budgets.
﻿Sabine Lösing (GUE/NGL), in writing.
I think that we should focus on the discharge procedure and on what we have actually done and what the outcomes are, and what we have to show the EU’s citizens and taxpayers.
The action plan adopted in 2008 has done much to improve the situation by greatly increasing the Commission’s supervision of the national management and control systems.
We asked the Commission to provide us with the three most recent.
I am astonished that we are now moving at a different level as regards data protection and data security, and I get the impression that we are back to standards below those that we have agreed previously.
You cannot collect millions of data records from innocent citizens for 15 years and then say: ‘Actually, we are going to use this data for everything’, as is currently stated in the text of the US agreement.
For this reason, our actions must be based on the precautionary principle, in order to guarantee the maximum protection for consumers and the highest possible levels of food safety.
They are also not water soluble and they collect and accumulate in fatty tissue.
﻿The fact that we shall be voting on this proposal tomorrow is due, above all, to our rapporteur’s persistence.
Mr President, I too should like to thank the rapporteur, Mr de Grandes Pascual, for this valuable report.
What we also need is freedom of choice for farmers and for consumers.
The fact that this ultimately resulted in the entire report being rejected is not a major problem.
There is still a lot of work to do here.
﻿Barbara Lochbihler, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
It must therefore be made clear that we are on the side of the refugees who want to return home and that the snipers have to go.
The speech that Mr Tusk has just given here illustrated that an awareness of the value of Europe underpins the Polish Presidency.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the report will be debated and decided upon, and the public debt crisis will keep us busy for years to come, as will the appraisal of the causes of the crisis.
I can see the value added by the implementation of these objectives – particularly in relation to future job opportunities and new working arrangements, as well as territorial cohesion.
We all want freedom of movement, but this ideal must not be allowed to become a license for foolishness.
Resource efficiency, re-use, recycling or even substitution – these are the key strategies available to us and we should base our future competitiveness on precisely this strategy of innovation.
According to estimates, every single euro spent in this way generates added value of 10 euro and I believe we can say that this would be more effective aid than cosmetic measures taken at a later date.
Strengthening equality policy and increasing training opportunities are just two ways in which we can improve the situation of older women in the labour market in the long term.
It also provides for the establishment of a European register which is to be organised by the Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators (ACER).
I am very grateful for this.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, many thanks to the rapporteur for his excellent report.
Allow me to make one last comment with regard to the Middle East in anticipation of a later debate: we need to support the two-state solution, which entails movement on both sides.
Although synergies between the existing subsidies are to be welcomed, they must be evaluated separately.
With regard to Greece in particular, President Barroso has pointed out that, out of 20 billion, 15 billion has not been spent, and Commissioner Hahn has also just been there.
I therefore voted against this motion for a resolution.
However, the driving force of the economy and the main employers are the many small and medium-sized enterprises, whose importance is always underlined in the various strategies laid down on paper, but which, in fact, have had very little access to subsidies, and which are burdened with ever-increasing bureaucracy.
For this reason, subjects such as same-sex partnerships do not belong in a resolution on human rights and neither does treating them as the equivalent of marriage, which is completely unacceptable.
At a global level, we simply need better governance, a better structure, in order to organise these environmental and sustainable trends.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
The accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union already occurred too early.
It is important that we keep reiterating this position to the citizens of the European Union.
This is not a pipe dream, but rather it is a point that is very important to us: ensuring that legal certainty is brought about in this respect, so that we can genuinely make sure that public procurement remains transparent and comprehensible to the public, and so as to ensure fair competition between enterprises – particularly where small and medium-sized enterprises are concerned.
Why should they not try to draw Spain and Italy into the maelstrom of speculation?
I would like to ask whether he knows how it is structured and that there are two parts: one for interest earned in the future and the other for deductions from capital in the past.
It requires the use of one agent to deal with one particular pathogen and not, as is currently customary in human medicine, the use of broad-spectrum antibiotics, which is what has encouraged the developments that we are talking about.
We need a major awareness campaign in this area.
Mr President, Commissioner, President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to start by thanking the initiators.
Ms Grossetête, that is something that I would like to say to you, and I would also like to thank you for your willingness to speak and for your concession.
I am convinced that our resolution on the excellent Angelilli report will effectively combat child abuse and child pornography and provide greater protection for the weakest members of our society.
It is particularly problematic that this huge infringement of fundamental rights is carried out in the name of combating terrorism, even though there is no evidence proving that PNR data is of any benefit in the fight against terrorism.
Opinions may differ in relation to what will happen if this agreement is rejected.
The mass of data, or so-called waste data, actually makes it harder to find potential criminals.
As you did not put them forward, we had to do so.
I have to say, though, that three quarters of our proposals are taken from the Commission’s texts themselves.
﻿Bernd Posselt (PPE).
I am hoping that it will enable us to move towards a more efficient European civil service.
However, I understand the constraints you are under here in the House with regard to the 2012 budget.
A total of 90% of all the payments with problems are made in the Member States.
However, it will also have an impact on the revenue of the European Union and it is not yet possible to estimate the extent of this.
I have voted in favour.
The abandonment of whole areas of land highlights the threats to which rural regions will be exposed in future if we cannot put a stop to the migration of younger people.
﻿Evelyn Regner (S&D), in writing.
It is critical that consumers have both an adequate choice and comprehensive information.
Above all, I support the call for the use of more funding from the future EU Research Framework Programme to investigate the causes of bee mortality.
In Europe it is perhaps more obvious, but it is clearly the case in the United States, too.
The summit ought to take firm decisions concerning the prohibition of usurious interest, whether for private individuals or for entire states.
The Netherlands has gone ahead with a regulation on net neutrality.
At this conference, the civil society organisations spoke quite differently about the national strategies.
It is important for the EU to help those states that still do not have a functional legal system to develop one so that in future they can try and pass sentence on serious crimes themselves according to the criteria of the rule of law.
European rail transport could represent a great opportunity, if we can overcome national egotism.
﻿Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Anything else is worthless.
Furthermore, the motion for a resolution calls, above all, for EU development policy to eliminate these obstacles.
I have voted in favour.
Unfortunately, I had to abstain from the vote on the joint motion for a resolution tabled by several groups as the wording of the resolution was not made generally available.
Poland has rightly called for this to happen, but it must not always be the only Member State which is doing so.
We have debated this at length this morning in the Conference of Presidents.
(Applause)
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
﻿Bernd Posselt, on behalf of the PPE Group.
I would like to ask him whether the cause of the problems in relation to competitiveness does not lie much deeper than that, namely in the specific production capacity of Member States and regions.
However, on investigating the actual effects it emerges that some Member States – such as Estonia or even Poland, which are achieving very good results – deal with the Structural Funds better than others, which find it difficult to absorb the funds – for example regions like Calabria and Sicily, as well as Greece and Romania.
Therefore, the proposals for the new generation of financing instruments must employ the principle of the delegated acts wisely.
That was the key element of what we did, namely to place the concerns of citizens at the forefront so that they can see that the single market is not something abstract, but something that will actually provide them with added value.
Nonetheless, the Member States have made use of repayable forms of assistance, based on their positive experiences in the preceding programme period.
There is no question that the European Union should maintain good relations with Ukraine, particularly in terms of economic and scientific cooperation.
Making a note of this kind in the minutes about an amount of EUR 360 million, which retrospectively calls into question a joint compromise reached in the trialogue, is a simply disgraceful way of presenting ourselves to the rest of the world.
Joint residence and work permits are to be issued generously.
When I attend events in my constituency, I always ask my constituents: Which has more soldiers, the European Union or the United States?
We have just had the debate about the situation in Syria.
I cannot be a part of that.
Something we definitely need to do in parallel with this legislation is to run an information campaign.
Therefore, I have voted against this report in the interest of our citizens.
It is unacceptable for the opinion of the lead committee to be disregarded to a large extent in the compromise package.
Therefore, we must make the information available to citizens in a simple and transparent way.
However, this report goes way beyond the actual goal.
We all ought to know that this will be a gradual process.
Time and again in Germany, I receive reports from colleagues from Romania and Bulgaria informing me of the methods being used in Germany.
﻿Between 2002 and 2010 alone, the European Union invested more than EUR 2 billion in Afghanistan.
I compliment you on this, as do my colleagues.
The results of the Commission’s work on this are now available.
The differences are even more marked within the countries.
We need to get used to the idea that these countries will develop at their own pace, that they require patience and sustained support and that we cannot change society there by simply sending in the army or by pressing a button.
I grew up in a small town near the borders between three countries, where people had to stand in long queues in order to be allowed to cross the border to visit their neighbours in Belgium and the Netherlands.
﻿President.
The results of the second ballot in the election to the office of Vice-President of the European Parliament are as follows:
The current approach as set down in the new proposal makes far more sense, involving targets of 65% of the goods brought into circulation and 85% of the WEEE produced after the transitional phase.
As you know, the precedence of the Vice-Presidents is determined by the number of votes they receive.
﻿Thomas Mann (PPE).
Your ideas on climate protection, which were very well prepared by Connie Hedegaard, and your ideas on energy efficiency, could provide the stimulus for jobs in the European Union.
The results of the poll in Russia yesterday should be making us think much more carefully about the situation.
We must be an attractive role model.
The vote will take place today at 12.00.
I hope the Commission will safeguard social Europe, and the rights of its citizens, in its draft legislation.
More money should be made available for this.
﻿President.
This should now be able to take place via a platform.
A great many of them are afraid of this new SEPA number, of the new IBAN code, because it seems too long to them.
In my country of Luxembourg, too, the dairy sector is the main pillar of our agricultural sector as a result of the high proportion of grassland.
Tomorrow – and I am convinced of this – there will be a broad majority in favour of further steps towards common bonds in Europe.
Thus, the Committee on Petitions will repeat a decision made by Parliament last year, in which we already called for a legally binding solution.
The debate is closed.
What does that mean?
Therefore, five Member States voted against the compromise in the Council, which does not meet the requirements of a soft landing instrument.
These are the two extremes to be found within the House.
Thirdly, I call on the Council to push through reasonable and sufficient funding within the budget and to take the necessary decision.
After all, abortion is not a means for human rights policy, but rather a massive breach of human rights, namely, a violation of the right to life through the killing of an unborn human being.
Tomorrow we will be voting on the law of succession, and marital property law will follow.
Video conferences, Internet applications and, in future, a Erasmus programme for judges, prosecutors and, hopefully soon, also criminal investigation officers and lawyers, are just a few examples.
In total, despite an extensive process, only 17 European Cooperative Societies have been founded and only 32 workers have found work in these enterprises.
We want to create a Europe of this kind with all the fundamental freedoms and with the opportunity to work anywhere in the continent.
However, the budgets are also the responsibility of the Member States and that does not stop Europe getting involved in them.
Firstly, there needs to be a re-think in connection with the Basel directives and we need to give SMEs permanent access to EU subsidies, and, secondly, we need finally to implement the cuts in red tape.
This is something we should welcome and support, because emerging democracies thrive on efforts to develop and change, and also on protests.
This is intended to offer citizens a way to pass on this information directly to their public representatives, specifically those from the PVV, who can then incorporate this information in their work.
I would like to contradict Ms Nicolai on one point, however.
This makes it all the more regrettable that Friday’s Environment Council meeting was blocked by one country, showing itself to be incapable of making political decisions.
According to Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure, it will therefore be submitted to the addressees indicated and will be published in the minutes as a text adopted in this session, also bearing the names of the signatories.
Turkey is not a European state.
Nevertheless, an important process is starting in Burma.
Only if the new policy of openness is followed by positive changes to the economy and if the living conditions of the people genuinely improve can we assume that the risk of a return to a military dictatorship has really been averted.
(Sustained applause)
Mr President, please would you emphasise how important it is that the rapporteurs for the committees abide by this internal rule.
What we have here is a series of placebos that are being distributed on a piecemeal basis.
As friends and partners, we will support you in following up your words with action and fulfilling your promise of reform.
Are you aware that, essentially, the ‘basic information’ is already automatically transferred along with the API information?
﻿Jörg Leichtfried (S&D), in writing.
This sends out a very positive signal.
If we find that the system does not work, then we can fine-tune it.
Even though, in Canada’s case, we can undoubtedly count on high standards of security, the visa scandals of the past years and the far too frequent confusion of visa freedom with freedom of establishment – as is clear from the 700% increase in Serbian asylum applications, for example – should serve as a warning.
The third point is growth.
This report focuses on the situation of women living in Turkey and on specific measures that should be taken to improve their lives.
As Turkey’s accession to the EU would not only push the integration capacity of the EU beyond its limits, but would also constantly make it clear to Ankara that in the case of the minorities issue and the freedom of the press, for example, Turkey’s values are totally different to those of Europe, the only honest response is to stop the accession negotiations and begin talks about a privileged partnership.
Only one Member State, and that is Germany, has so far discussed it at cabinet level at all.
For this we need agreements, such as this one with Mozambique, which guarantee and secure fisheries rights, for example, in the Indian Ocean.
﻿Gerald Häfner (Verts/ALE), in writing.
﻿Hubert Pirker (PPE).
Mr President, Commissioner, it is not just the European Union that is experiencing economically difficult times.
Mr President, Syria is clearly becoming more and more of a witches’ brew of conflicts.
You know them all.
One, however, requires the other.
There are a few things we can take from this agreement.
﻿That is a very important concern for me and my colleagues in the House.
﻿When it comes to functionality, clearly we do also have to discuss what the Special Representative is able, allowed, supposed or in a position to do.
To date, the GSP represents one of the most important EU instruments in the area of trade and it is monitored by the European Commission.
We therefore need a clear and effective debt redemption pact.
Another step would be to ask the Chinese state authorities to lift all restrictions and to allow independent media, journalists and human rights observers unimpeded access and freedom of movement throughout Tibet.
We have succeeded in achieving a good consensus on most issues in the committee.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
Mr President, I believe that both the Commission and Ms Riemers have lost touch with reality a little.
The Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament have requested that the joint debate on the European Patent be postponed to a later sitting.
I come from a border region.
What we need to do is cut off smuggling routes and further strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights, including in respect of China, where, after all, 85% of counterfeits originate.
Why can you not be honest about this?
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Following the vote after the second reading, this report is now largely fit for purpose.
Now it is important to establish a viable, fair pricing system and to take into account the factors specific to each country, such as the frequency with which lines are used.
If Egypt now takes a different tack and shows that religion and politics are not mutual exclusives, then this would be a completely new example of how Muslim faith and politics can be reconciled.
In this area we should be continuing to enhance the results we are trying to achieve in terms of poverty alleviation, democracy and human rights, not weaken them.
As she was unable to pay the fine of CNY 40 000, or EUR 5 021, for violating the one-child policy, she was held captive and, after three days, five men administered the lethal injection to the foetus.
We should then first turn to the question of whether we need to place the UN and our contribution to UN environmental and climate policy on a completely new footing.
We need a more efficient target.
Education and training are the cornerstones for achievement of the Europe 2020 goals.
All in all, this is a good day.
What I am still waiting to hear about is the implementation, and the issue of how you are organising yourselves in the Commission.
My final point concerns interconnectors.
﻿Günther Oettinger, Member of the Commission.
We will then get investors, if investors know that a pipeline or a transmission network is necessary, makes sense in the European market, and if the returns are sufficiently fair.
The European budget is only used to fund infrastructure that will benefit more than one Member State.
We respect that.
As I read this list, you might think I am talking about a banana republic in some obscure part of the world.
New rules have been introduced that favour the non-euro area members of the EBA.
I believe that this is better than a failed legislative text that would have forced us to start again from scratch next time around.
We have also been able to ensure that some criteria are worded with greater clarity, for example that it is necessary to prove the companies receiving investment from this fund have a genuine social benefit, so that these funds do not become a cheap label that people can use, even though in reality there is no social economy dimension to their business.
The focus is moving away from the interests of the people, who urgently need a functioning, social and green Union based on the principle of solidarity.
You have assured us of your commitment to Europe’s role in the world, which must be a strong role.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
I am assured by practitioners in the field that access to European cultural assets will not, to this extent, open up access to our cultural heritage following the entry into force of this legislation.
﻿President.
In spite of these difficult circumstances, we are carrying on with our activities.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Furthermore, I call for greater assistance to passengers by trained staff at information points and help desks.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, an intelligent agreement between the EU and Japan would lead to stronger integration of the two economies.
Furthermore, companies surveyed have mentioned other reasons why they are deterred from investing in Japan.
In our crisis countries, we have higher deficits, and we also have an ailing economy, not only in the crisis countries but Europe-wide.
I am interested to see what will happen now.
It is also good that we changed the name of the committee from ‘Internal Market and Legal Affairs’ to ‘Internal Market and Consumer Protection’.
﻿Elisabeth Köstinger (PPE), in writing.
I mean: please stop this!
That is why I had no problem at all in voting in favour of this report.
﻿Mr President, we are happy to see Commissioner Hahn with us in today’s plenary.
I fear that we have an exhibition on shale gas directly outside the Chamber that is incompatible with Article 6(1) of these rules.
Questions of acceptance also come into the equation.
We need to acknowledge explicitly that we have placed the emphasis very firmly on freedom, an issue towards which Europe has a strong leaning.
The current crisis has prompted a fundamental discussion about the future of Europe.
In addition to the existing promotion measures for information initiatives, such as the School Milk Scheme, I am advocating ambitious measures to promote agricultural products.
This reduction in the regulations will simplify the situation in this sector in an efficient and future-oriented way, as attention has also been given to ensuring that the current level of protection is not reduced.
The recast version is of considerable importance.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in this year’s enlargement strategy, the Commission has defined the key issues very accurately.
It is also essential to focus on consumers.
It is also a false argument, because the fact is that during the period from 2007 to 2013, the European budget grew by just 1.95 %, compared with much larger increases in all the national budgets.
Accepting Turkey as an accession candidate was a mistake.
Secondly, there are signs that at present, the warehouses are being emptied at a very rapid pace in China, with shiploads of solar modules now already being transported to the European Union.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
The Fundamental Rights Agency says so.
It is entirely possible to provide labelling for alcopops for example.
I do not think that it is right to work towards conciliation with such a difficult dossier.
The first is: there should be no more last-minute decisions.
To Mr Cohn-Bendit I would point out that, as capable as he is, not even Mr Orbán can solve all the world’s problems from China to North Africa.
Member States must be able to prevent traces of GMOs occurring unintentionally both in conventional and in organic crops.
Mr Westerwelle and Mrs Merkel, have you not noticed the revolutionary changes in the region?
Who does what with which instruments and when?
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
For this reason, I find this to be a very good report.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
This will benefit the European economy, as studies show that bringing women into companies and into top management positions improves productivity and efficiency and produces better financial results.
Given that the framework conditions of the EU have changed radically in the meantime, it would seem that some changes would be in order.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
This reflects the divergent interests in, and experience with, the European Union.
Older people must be able to play a greater and more active role in life, because their experience and the work they do are important for their families and for their professions.
I therefore believe that this report can get things moving again in this area.
This is grotesque.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
As far as the scope of the regulation is concerned, it is clear that wholesale energy markets should include not only the organised energy exchanges but also the unregulated markets, because their transactions could have an influence on trading on the energy exchanges.
It is important to me that this proposal for a regulation functions as a tailor-made supplement to the general financial regulations.
Without complete transparency and without access to this information, democracy cannot function.
We need to catch up.
Is it the Member State, or is it Frontex?
I voted in favour of the report since the EU’s offshore operations should offer the best possible level of safety in the oil production sector, so that disasters are avoided in the first place.
﻿Mr President, as EU Member States we are in agreement as far as verbal actions go;
It includes, firstly, a detailed definition of the concept, secondly, specific rights and obligations, thirdly, precise handling deadlines, fourthly, a right to a hearing and information, fifthly, specific training for EU officials and, sixthly, an independent point of contact that will explain the options while preserving anonymity.
﻿Martin Ehrenhauser (NI).
Such additional monitoring structures would surely have been appropriate and helpful for the Agency in Ljubljana and not counterproductive as some fellow Members obviously feared.
﻿President.
He describes the jubilation that broke out throughout Israel when the decision was taken and the majority of votes were in favour of Israel.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the newly established principle of ‘more for more’ should be brought to bear on the Eastern partnership, in particular, when it comes to the development of civil society.
As experienced Europeans, it is only natural for us to be cautious about each agreement that has been negotiated with the United States.
﻿Hermann Winkler (PPE), in writing.
Despite the need for criticism, I would like to emphasise that we on the left are aware of our responsibility for the European Union.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, you have made it quite clear today, Mr Barroso, that you are not an honest broker, you are the head of the European government.
We must ensure that the private sector does more to make use of its knowledge and expertise in the service of sustainability.
It is a violation of privacy and intimacy, and we expressly discussed the fact that that is exactly what we do not want.
Too much is at stake when it comes to the climate agreements.
The President of the Commission says: ‘We need the financial transaction tax’.
Applying criminal sanctions to political decisions with the aim of destroying the opposition is not acceptable.
Moreover, it is to be welcomed that, following the committee’s report, there must always be public disclosure of evaluations of projects and beneficiaries of the EBRD and that there will be tighter controls in future.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
The efforts of Bulgaria and Romania to better protect their borders with non-EU countries do not even begin to meet the Schengen criteria.
Moreover, the fear that opening up the borders will open the floodgates to organised crime has to be refuted inasmuch as the inclusion of these two countries in the Schengen area and the associated inclusion of Romania and Bulgaria in the common Schengen Information System would, on the contrary, provide increased security.
﻿Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the S&D Group.
This is another consequence of the delays in European policy making.
I believe that it is dishonest to cite the crisis and production costs that are allegedly too high or, as has been mentioned today, environmental legislation as a justification for mass redundancies.
We must help the people who are suffering.
Given the number of people who are currently unemployed and who will be in future, it makes no sense to allow more unqualified workers into Europe.
﻿Madam President, the directive on combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of children and child pornography sends out a clear message.
At the same time, it was right for us as Parliament to have persisted in our view that an obligation to block content on the Internet is not the right path to take.
Mr President, Mr Dominik, Mr Lewandowski, ladies and gentlemen, let us not be under any illusions.
That would be the greatest contribution to simplification that we and you could achieve.
We must take care to ensure that Sharia law is not cemented in place via the back door.
In addition, the economic and political links are too strong.
Therefore, it is very important for us to focus on the issue of distribution.
In the case of the strategic framework, it is a pilot project.
Roaming provides a good example here.
They were extremely critical of many of them.
As the US continues to maintain a consistent boycott of the ICC, it is all the more important that the EU and its Member States should support the Court in accordance with the original principle upon which our Union is based.
In the short term, the European Central Bank (ECB) must play a different role and the Heads of State or Government must commit to this.
From Christian, central European Croatia almost the impossible is demanded, whereas Islamic, Anatolian Turkey can always count on our forbearance.
In this process I was particularly concerned that the rights of the suspected person – particularly as regards the right to remain silent – should have no negative consequences, as was in fact the case in the law of certain Member States.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI).
I believe that this debate is important and I would like to thank Mr Lisek for his positive report.
Most importantly, the failed attempt to leverage the rescue funds demonstrates the power and the powerlessness of the policy.
﻿Martin Schulz, on behalf of the S&D Group.
You Mr Cashman, on the other hand, will most definitely not.
That is not true.
So, let us also have a little bit of truth here.
﻿Madam President, Commissioner, Mr Fleckenstein, I would like to express my sincere thanks for your excellent coordination.
As a result of good preparation, knowledge of the facts and the good political judgment that is needed in difficult times, the Polish Presidency has excelled.
Administrative processes and decisions, including those relating to personnel issues, should be published.
The point is also to find employers once again, young, well-trained employers who are capable of securing employment.
Violations of antitrust law should receive stiff penalties, transparent framework conditions should provide for greater competitiveness in implementing the single market for energy, as well as in the still underdeveloped area of cross-border transactions.
My aim is to serve in the capacity of President of the Parliament in such a way that those who voted for me can be proud of their choice and so that those who did not vote for me will be pleasantly surprised.
Why do we allow people to bad-mouth these unique historical achievements?
It is up to all of us to do this together.
Thank you, Mr Silvestris, I take note of what you have said.
﻿President.
Mr Newton Dunn: 170 votes
Therefore, I would like to extend a very warm welcome to you.
﻿We are also not discussing the previous communist regime in Hungary.
The service must be made more user-friendly.
It is the most efficient solution for improving the availability of these products, creating incentives for innovation and ensuring effective protection of human health and the environment.
The ever increasing discrepancy between farm input and production costs, on the one hand, and farm gate prices, on the other, is putting European agriculture at risk of becoming uneconomic.
I therefore welcome the fact that the Commission is, for once, looking into the market not only from the consumer point of view, but also from that of producers.
What is the Council offering us?
The divisions and the uproar within the European Union are continuing.
It would have been better if the oil embargo had been put into effect immediately – although I fully understand the need of some Member States to find means of diversification.
The debate is closed.
Modern cookers reduce the health hazards of smoke, cause fewer hazardous emissions and enable dirty drinking water to be boiled and purified.
The first is that we want renewable energy.
It does not, however, provide any real ways to solve the problem of the abolition of the milk quotas.
The Committee on Culture and Education has put forward a series of proposals for how this can reasonably be taken into consideration.
Firstly, you are the person who is in a position to bring civilisation back to Italian politics, after it has been through a rather difficult period.
I have established that steps in this direction are already under way in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
The next item is the debate on
The situation is slowly starting to become outrageous.
This money has never been repaid.
﻿Fourteen years have now passed and nothing has happened.
I have already called for it in my report on solidarity between the generations.
I believe that we should not just be calling for the lifting of the death penalty, but that we should also discuss further sanctions against the regime.
We could implement all the savings ourselves without having to consult with the Council.
I am aware that we women who have today made these grand speeches, often still have to fight for majorities in our own parties.
The heirs, for their part, face disputes that are to some extent irresolvable but always cost time and money.
A major information campaign will be necessary.
There are no tensions between the peoples and the nations of Europe.
﻿Peter Jahr (PPE).
I also believe, however, that Mr Putin’s new presidential term represents an opportunity now to take a new step towards further democratisation, that there is a chance to review the imprisonment of political prisoners, that the non-registration of opposition parties could be examined and that Mr Putin’s election promise to tackle corruption could become a reality.
That ought to be the message from this House.
Since the start of the negotiations on an Enhanced Partnership and Cooperation Agreement, which I very much welcome, and following the regrettable events in the Zhanaozen district and in connection with the parliamentary elections, we have now focused particular attention on Kazakhstan.
The freezing of accounts, which is a matter for the individual EU Member States, is also questionable.
I would like to ask the Commission: what is your strategy for rescuing Poland from this psychological and political isolation?
This brings me to my second point, namely the safety of consumers.
The debate is closed.
As a consequence, countless small and medium-sized construction companies and suppliers have been ruined, resulting in widespread job losses among construction workers.
The EU’s fixation on multi-ethnic Balkan states has proven to be a dead-end for the countries in question.
It may also offer access to curative or preventive medical care.
However, we are not prepared to pursue a policy that allows the IMF to support us appropriately.
This far left judicature of the European Court of Human Rights is something we do not need.
These passports were introduced in 2004 following pressure from the United States, and they contain the biometric images and fingerprints of the holder.
Then the confusion really would be perfect.
Careful consideration is needed here.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI), in writing.
The basic idea here may indeed be quite a good one.
Mr President, risk-sharing instruments can improve the involvement of the private sector in the financing of important projects in EU Member States affected by the crisis in order to secure jobs and growth.
The objective here is no longer equality for women, but the complete restructuring of society on the basis of left-wing social engineering.
However, we did pave the way for this development ourselves.
Only together, ladies and gentlemen, can we move forward.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, a few years ago, I made a cross-border call on my mobile phone in Europe and the bill for my 15-minute conversation was EUR 123.
I would like to express my thanks to the Court of Auditors for its numerous very sensible suggestions on this subject.
It goes without saying that the UN must improve its efficiency and, in particular, become more transparent.
It is further proof of how important it is that Parliament sets the agenda on important matters.
Is that the case?
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
We need to continue consolidating the national budgets so that we can begin investing in these areas again.
The gap between the reality and the standards is widening.
Furthermore, in contrast with the agreement with South Korea, there is no reference to fair and ethical trade.
Therefore, the conclusion that we must draw from this discussion is that we cannot simply stand by and watch while less money is spent on SMEs in Horizon 2020 and the Programme for the Competitiveness of Enterprises and SMEs (COSME) than in …
During this process, we can learn from the practical implementation of European structural policy, in particular, where competitive procedures were used and where companies had to compete for EU money.
The foreign policy instrument of state building must not be allowed to be an instrument of such a development.
That is pleasing, and I fully endorse what you have said here.
Please would you get moving on this, and instead of looking into alternatives, just go with Parliament’s proposals.
Assistance programmes costing billions then have to be financed, while increased insurance premiums for tankers are passed up the value chain and added to end prices.
However, it is also necessary to ensure that no group is given preferential treatment.
I have abstained from voting because I am not in total agreement with the rapporteur and believe that fine tuning is required right now.
Accordingly, this situation should be investigated once again.
Over the last year, EU exports to Japan had a total value of around EUR 49 billion, while exports from Japan to the EU came in at around EUR 69 billion – in other words, we are talking about a very important part of our economic dynamics.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I, too, would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Fjellner, and also the shadow rapporteur, Mr Martin, and the other shadow rapporteurs.
It is the saddest day of your Presidency.
This comprehensive approach must also be discernible in the way the Special Representative for Human Rights collaborates with other actors.
The mood among the population of my constituency is so bad that it is clear: we want to help, but we also want to have rules, and those rules should be adhered to and checked.
Quite simply, it is also a matter of both sides making a few concessions.
While the few enjoy the benefits of the free trade agreement, the majority of the population gets nothing out of it.
As rapporteur for the recent resolution on the 14th directive, I am disappointed at the inadequate follow-up from the Commission.
I should like to state firmly that the work on the European private company was taken up too early, has not been fully thought out by the Commission, and does not take into account the current requirements of the people of Europe.
At the same time, the Member States are drifting further and further apart.
The ordinary legislative procedure will be used here, not the delegated act planned by the Commission or the implementing act planned by the Council.
﻿Matthias Groote (S&D), Blue-card question.
Mr Lewandowski belongs to your own group of parties and, what is so important, we can implement this proposal in 2012.
We in Parliament and the Council must finally summon up the courage to implement this sensible policy.
I am voting against the motion for a resolution because, although economic growth is undoubtedly important in rescuing Europe from the economic doldrums, a confederation of allied European states as already largely set down in the Treaty of Maastricht would be quite sufficient for this.
The European Commission’s action plan on company law mainly aims to guarantee freedom of establishment for businesses throughout the EU, to enhance performance and competitiveness among businesses and to promote cross-border cooperation between businesses in different Member States.
﻿President.
﻿Britta Reimers, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
In Parliament’s negotiations with the Council and the Commission, the idea was always in the background that the fourth railway package would also herald the separation of networks and operators.
﻿However, please let us do it then and not tomorrow.
(Applause)
The PPE Group will fight to retain these rights in Europe.
They are accustomed to economic suppression and a disregard for their religious needs.
I would also like to add that the report by the special committee still constitutes the basis for us in this debate.
For other reasons too, a few animal protection issues have been dealt with in laws at national level and directives at EU level.
The adjustments to the relevant regulations and the distribution of payment appropriations meant that some of the payment appropriations for 2012 were unused, leading to an increase in the surplus for 2012.
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned.
As I said, though, there was a lot of work to do and I hope that things will be somewhat easier from here on in.
In this context, it strikes me as important that the Member States should work more closely together in order to increase awareness for donation.
﻿Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, what happened in the Mediator case really was a major scandal.
That is our deep conviction and that is why we, the elected representatives of the European people, will continue to fight for the abolition of the death penalty around the globe.
﻿Franz Obermayr (NI).
We also need to make clear that a preventative approach is the right one to take, Mr Van Orden.
﻿That was an advantage, as Mr Vidal-Quadras pointed out.
﻿Markus Pieper, on behalf of the PPE Group.
We have various legal bases for our Europeanisation of energy policy.
However, measures are required on a Europe-wide basis that will promote sales and increase brand recognition.
That is why I want to strengthen dialogue with civil society.
Of course, the big question that divides us from many of our colleagues is to what extent these influences should be permitted, representing as they do attempts to intervene in other countries through trade policy.
You are putting the emphasis on greater regulation by the institutions, because this is what the financial elite needs.
Many people say that friendship stops when it comes to money.
I know that it was difficult to also get the numerous good ideas that we had in Parliament through the tough negotiations with the Council.
(Applause)
We have to bring forward the energy revolution.
Mr President, President of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Committee on the Environment would like to remind you that, although it is responsible only for an infinitesimal part of the European budget, we will certainly not achieve the aims of the Europe 2020 strategy if we do not commit sufficient appropriations to the programmes and measures relating to environment and climate action and biodiversity.
In the end, thanks to the ESM, the taxpayers will be liable for debts for which they are not responsible, without even being consulted.
﻿President.
﻿Hermann Winkler (PPE).
My best wishes for our – and especially his – continued, successful work.
﻿Peter Jahr, on behalf of the PPE Group.
For that reason, I ask that the interinstitutional agreement with the Commission be revised accordingly.
﻿President.
Mr President, Ms Reding, we are doing quite well in one case, I think, that of Oliver Weilharter, an Austrian boy abducted to Denmark.
﻿Martin Ehrenhauser (NI).
Protecting children in the digital world is part of that.
Between 2008 and 2011, there was a 4 % fall in output in Europe (from 20 % to 16 %)
We want to make it clear in our resolution that we explicitly reject this, as it could allow basic rights such as the freedom of speech, freedom of information and commercial development potential to be restricted.
If they demonstrate their commitment in this form, we should treat them accordingly.
Fervent pro-Europeans like me have been saying here for many years that creating a union without democracy will not work.
﻿Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
﻿Jan Philipp Albrecht, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
This is political schizophrenia!
Let me make it clear that the European Parliament is of course mindful of its responsibility in the budgetary procedure and, like the European Commission, is seeking to reach an agreement.
As regards efficiency, there are still some problems here.
We are going to put forward proposals on position limits and accountability, but the text that you are going to adopt – in a few weeks I hope – and the amendments on which you are going to give your verdict are one way of ensuring transparency and accountability on the commodity markets.
I wish to voice my agreement with Mr Giegold on the need for consolidated global supervision.
I am particularly grateful to your rapporteur, Mr Stolojan, for his decisive contribution, which made it possible to improve the directive in several important areas.
In practice, some Member States may have this under control, but I really do not see why we could not have been bolder at this point in time.
However, as I said at the start of my speech, I cannot simply imagine how staff, who should exercise real control, will be recruited for this agency.
That is a view I share, but at the same time I cannot help but remember that we Members already include a passage aimed at prohibiting naked short selling in the dossier on alternative investment fund managers.
With that in mind, I am pleased that we – as Parliament – are now sending out a clear signal as regards this important dossier.
‘Economically, CDSs are insurance ...
Some of the investment banks tell me that they need them if they provide credit lines to some small and second-tier banks.
It should reconsider again whether it really wants to maintain this blocking minority.
Temporary management by the Commission cannot ensure the technical and operational capacity that, by contrast, the creation of an appropriate agency will allow.
In the words of Ambassador Eacho, ‘freedom without security is fragile;
In short, this great project led to this great city winning on its own merits and not as a result of political decisions.
Secondly, I hope that Israel will allow the flotilla in which our fellow Member, my good friend Willy Meyer, is travelling to reach Gaza, and of course that the aggression that took place against the Mavi Marmara flotilla does not reoccur.
However, deep-rooted problems remain.
The 112 number is extremely useful.
We should examine the negative as well as the positive effects of such support.
Thank you.
The sooner we wean ourselves off fossil fuels coming from other regimes, the stronger we will be in Europe and the greater chance we will have of creating a sense of Europe – one voice, one Europe – and then we will be able to convert the world.
Written statements (Rule 149)
this would be a significant step towards achieving gender equality.
For me this is the most important aspect of the report.
Indeed, they will burden Europeans with yet more taxes, even if they try to convince the public that they are only making the naughty banks pay.
It goes without saying that the Treaty provides for the Council and Parliament to make every effort to reach an agreement on the shape of the multiannual financial framework, and the Polish Presidency, together with the European Commission, will endeavour to steer the process with this in mind.
The Commission then comes out and says that 30% greening is to take place.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner Lewandowski, first of all I would like thank Mr Barroso and the whole Commission for the proposal on the new multiannual financial framework.
Especially today, when Member States are being tested fiscally and need to adapt to these particular conditions, we need to strengthen development policies.
When will we do this, and where will we find the money to do it?
We have an enormous amount of work to do to convince public opinion because some nation states have used wrong arguments against this proposal.
There is no increase in expenditure in this proposal.
We must also find a cost-benefit balance as we cannot overlook the fact that the information on the labelling, depending on the nature of that information, makes the product more expensive.
This seems to have been a long time coming.
The compromise that has now been reached with the Council ensures that every producer must specify what substitute products are made use of.
I am also pleased that we are making it a requirement to state the content per 100 grams or 100 ml.
Mr President, the aim of Amendment 137, which I tabled with 40 other colleagues, regarding languages on food labelling is respect for language diversity in the European Union.
However, the requirements for country of origin labelling of meat do not go far enough.
Madam President, more than three years ago, on 30 January 2008, the Commission adopted its proposal for a regulation on food information to consumers.
Provisionally, trans fats will not be there, and these are harmful to health.
The results of our intensive monitoring programme continue to show a significant overall decrease in the number of cases of the disease across the EU.
The encouraging trends in relation to BSE merit a considered review of the opportunities to focus on, and secure, financial support to assess and manage these new threats.
We must continue to fund research in this area.
Marisa Matias, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.
The following questions are addressed to the Commission.
On the other hand, I have figures which show that under the new government in the last 300 days there have been more than 200 attacks on human rights activists.
I therefore consider it extremely important for us to be able to punish, effectively and rapidly, those who threaten the lives of others through their actions.
The revision clause inserted by Parliament should make this possible.
Unfortunately, however, no technical measures will guarantee 100% security.
Ways of achieving this include improved training and checks at European and national level and increased coordination and exchange of information within the EU.
It was a pleasure to work on this issue with the House and the rapporteur.
Women are making ever bolder moves towards prestigious, well-paid positions in companies, and we should therefore take note of and respond to the problems they have to face.
Looking at issues first from a broader perspective, I will assess the European Union, then I would like to analyse the issues from the Hungarian point of view.
We kept the rules of the club we joined, and responded to the criticisms raised previously here in connection with the media law by subjecting ourselves to common EU law, as we do not seek special treatment.
I do not speak Hungarian.
The crisis showed what kind of effects we may feel if one country is not performing well.
This reasoning would even seem funny if it was not so tiresomely boring.
If we need to change European law, Mr Barroso, it will have to be changed in codecision with Parliament, and let us see if you get a majority in favour of changing Schengen, Mr Barroso.
Mr Dalli, we urgently need a regulation concerning the distance between GMO fields and conventional crops.
These solutions cannot be regarded as good ones.
So proposing to Member States now that this debate can be taken up again without a clear legal basis will create more problems than it will solve.
President.
Member States can prohibit or restrict GMOs on the basis of additional environment-related grounds, such as the prevention of pesticide resistance amongst weeds and pests, the maintenance of local biodiversity, scientific uncertainty concerning the potential negative effects of GMOs, the socio-economic impact and the excessive costs of coexistence between conventional organic and GMO agriculture.
We have four reports in front of us today – the Langen, Lepage, Eickhout and Pieper reports – all of which have more than 50 amendments.
The companies, consumers and bodies responsible for law enforcement need a clear legal framework and a guarantee of legal security in the cross-border enforcement of the acquis in the area of consumer protection.
In June 2009 the Commission submitted two initiative proposals on the establishment of an agency for the operational management of large-scale IT systems in the area of freedom, security and justice.
I voted in favour of this report because the 112 service is key in ensuring affordable access to basic telecoms services, preventing social exclusion, offering social protection guarantees and ultimately acting as a lifeline to all EU citizens irrespective of where they are in the Union.
However, only 26% of the citizens of the Union can spontaneously identify 112 as the emergency number in the Union.
The financial crisis has demonstrated that such characteristics increase uncertainty in times of market stress and consequently pose risks to financial stability.
This regulation will cover the raw materials market in order to avoid price speculation.
These products have, until now, been traded in the absence of any regulatory framework and in an extremely opaque manner.
The 2008 European Financial Conglomerates Directive (FiCOD) establishes supervision for financial conglomerates, which can include banks, insurance companies, investment companies and asset management companies.
We should also remember that, when we are talking about the financial framework and the budget, we need to invest in innovation, to be able to discover the energy-efficient solutions and new innovations that we could employ to reach this target.
I voted for this report since it contributes to greater transparency, both for the regulatory authorities and for the markets, allowing risks in the sovereign debt market to be more easily detected.
Parliament is sending a very clear message to the Council ahead of the negotiations to come on this piece of legislation: if investors do not own sovereign bonds, or assets whose value is tied to them, they should not be able to seek profit from defaults on debt they do not own by trading in sovereign credit default swaps.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Maria Da Graça Carvalho (PPE), in writing.
I agree that the Member States should establish a dialogue framework to detect problems at an early stage and report problems such as dysfunctional market practices, conspicuous providers, products or company structures to supervision and investor compensation schemes.
The internal market in financial services must be strengthened, creating a stronger single European market.
The financial crisis has destabilised a whole series of high-risk financial products, which in some cases were sold to investors as being safe places to put their money.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Mario Pirillo (S&D).
We continue to advocate an effective application of the precautionary principle and the withdrawal of the GMO species already introduced, so defending health, the environment and farmers.
The Commission had proposed to grant EU Member States the right to ban crops on all but health or environmental grounds, which were to be solely assessed by the European Food Safety Authority.
This is a subject in which knowledge and responsibility should take centre stage in any decision making, which should also take into account a wide-ranging debate on the issue that involves public participation, and is always informed and enlightened.
In connection with the introduction of a new category of regions, there is also no plan to increase resources, which could result in a situation where converging regions that are struggling the most with structural, economic and social problems have to make savings after 2013 in favour of more developed regions to which the convergence objective would no longer apply under the current criteria.
The primary source of law must provide sufficient guarantees concerning the protection of fundamental rights and discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation.
It makes no sense to use out-of-date information, so we must ensure that we do not do that.
I would, however, like to express my concerns in the light of the most recent comments published by the Venice Commission (the Council of Europe’s advisory body on constitutional matters).
(Paragraph R(5)).
The Greens were forced to vote against an originally strong draft, after centre-right amendments aimed at fundamentally weakening the report and previous positions adopted by Parliament were passed by a narrow majority.
It is also important to make the entire structure of governance and management simpler and more flexible, and to foster the capacity for integration of the different territories in a cross-border, inter- and intra-regional sense.
José Manuel Fernandes (PPE), in writing.
However, such a policy for growth and innovation can only work in an internal market without barriers and with strong harmonisation.
I voted in favour and I would emphasise the need highlighted by the rapporteur to give greater stress to the regional contribution to European-level priorities like environmental protection, climate change, energy, transport infrastructure, etc.;
Suddenly cutting off funding when regions leave the Convergence objective will put at risk the successes that the regions have already achieved and will prevent them from further increasing their competitiveness.
diversification of means of production;
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
Europe is far from having reached the goal of a genuine internal energy market, but it is time for it to speak with one voice in setting joint short-, medium- and long-term energy policy objectives.
We need to make the accessibility, universality, quality and efficiency of these services a priority.
2. A committee may request that the European Economic and Social Committee be consulted on matters of a general nature or on specific points.
I therefore gave my full support to the alternative resolution from the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance calling for separate legislation for these social services, thereby putting a truly social Europe first.
I welcome what the report says on encouraging economic growth, supporting small businesses and addressing income inequality in developing countries.
The EU should therefore promote agro-ecological and low-external-input practices.
I welcomed this document.
With this EU development policy strategy, the European Parliament is indulging neither in double-speak nor neo-colonialism;
That reality is about the democracy and the economy we wish to see on the ground.
We have been asked to deploy an election observation mission and will do so.
As it was put to me in Benghazi by one of the many young people I met, a young man who had been imprisoned by Gaddafi for eight years as a political prisoner: ‘we want what you have: democracy as everyday life’.
He is losing his legitimate claim to power, and I therefore agree with the position of the British Foreign Secretary, William Hague, who has said that the Syrian leader must reform his regime or step aside.
This is about laying the foundations for a genuinely democratic order in the region.
I hope that the proposals put forward in this report will be implemented.
Today, I would like to emphasise two points.
I wish you good luck, Baroness Ashton.
I have proposed the appointment of a new Representative for the South Caucasus to take these different work strands forward, in cooperation with the Minsk Group co-chairs.
Mr President, I would like to say to Baroness Ashton that, first of all, I regret that this debate has not resulted in a Parliament resolution.
They all said that they are absolutely terrified of what may happen in Nagorno-Karabakh.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
Since Armenia and Azerbaijan are target countries of the European Neighbourhood Policy, the European Union should play an integral part in the resolution of the conflict.
Nearly one million internally displaced persons (IDPs) are hostages to the current situation, which has been going on for too long.
The nine months ahead will be very important for Russia’s future development.
Baroness Ashton, I can only hope that, together with Presidents Barroso and Van Rompuy, you addressed this very clearly in your talks with President Medvedev in Nizhny Novgorod.
We will assess in detail the recent measures introduced by the Danish authorities.
This genie must be re-bottled, as freedom and freedom of movement are not up for negotiation;
A sovereign state has an obligation to itself to stand up, at all times, for the interests of its own people as best it can.
(Applause)
That is really not too bright of you, Mr Tusk, as, over the last seven years, Poland has received no less than EUR 67 billion in European subsidies.
It should be emphatically noted that the common security and defence policy is not a secondary option, but rather it is a necessity.
It is our ambition to support negotiations with Ukraine on association and increased trade.
I think that is also the tradition of Bronislaw Geremek, a great Polish political leader.
We know from experience the disadvantages that can come from domestic political events overshadowing the work of the Presidency.
(Applause)
There should be no question of hasty decisions on subjects such as these.
I think that this report is excellent, as is the Commission’s commitment to establishing new ground rules in both the long and the short term.
We need rules for effective crisis management, greater integration between the Member States and sustainability in employment and growth policies.
(Applause)
However, I am encouraged by those of you who do share that view.
You are always equally stimulating to work with and a master of compromise.
This is, if I may say so, completely unrealistic – visionary perhaps, but unrealistic.
It demands strong political decisions, a leap in investment levels and innovation.
I hope that all the Member States and all road users will be the winners from this report.
This now means it will be compulsory to state the origin of meat on the label.
Labels will have to spell out a food’s energy content as well as fat, saturated fat, carbohydrates, sugars, protein and salt levels, in a way that makes them easy for consumers to read.
I tend to side with those who believe that we need greater harmonisation here.
However, as the food industry has to pay the costs of the new labelling procedure, we cannot exclude the possibility of food price rises.
This report is therefore a first step towards the type of cross-border cooperation that already exists between Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany and Luxembourg.
It has happened not as the result of a decision of this House or of any of the national legislatures.
Recent figures from Eurostat state that road fatalities in Ireland fell by 16% in 2010 and have decreased by 51% over the last ten years.
The Council adopted its proposal and asked the European Parliament for consent to its proposal without entering into any negotiations with the European Parliament with a view to agreeing a common position.
Göran Färm, Anna Hedh, Olle Ludvigsson, Marita Ulvskog and Åsa Westlund (S&D), in writing.
At the same time, we see fundamental problems with this.
On the foreign policy front and with regard more specifically to the European Neighbourhood Policy and the European Union’s enlargement, the following year will be particularly busy.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
Consumer protection, animal health and the eradication of Transmissible Spongiform Encephalopathies are our main goals and must, therefore, be of overriding importance when considering changes to the current rules.
Anna Maria Corazza Bildt (PPE).
The document adopted by the majority in Parliament, which follows in the wake of the panic that has spread about the ‘escalating terrorist threat’, seeks to implement the method of body scanning at EU level.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
Terrorism represents a genuine danger for the Member States of the European Union.
One by one, the pillars that sustained the European ideal have been kicked away and yet we continue to tell ourselves that the answer is more integration, more Europe, monetary and fiscal union, common economic governance, and so on.
One clear response arising from this public hearing is that we must develop women’s potential and their creative energy, and make use of their managerial talent, entrepreneurial spirit and sound judgment of risk.
The disparity is widest at the very top, where only 3% of such companies have a woman directing the highest decision-making body.
Lena Ek (ALDE), in writing.
The crisis is far from over and we can expect the economic situation to deteriorate at any time, both in Europe and globally.
In June 2010, although it had reached conclusions and the crisis was in full swing, Parliament decided to prolong the committee’s mandate until the end of July 2011.
There is a need to adapt the current framework to the EU’s new institutional and legal framework.
The advantage of this report is that it includes a series of European responses to tackling the euro crisis with measures heading in the direction, very specifically, of Eurobonds and the need to tax financial institutions.
The economic and financial stability of the EU will eventually make the European project sustainable.
Therefore, at this time, I believe it would not be sensible to vote for rises.
On the other hand, it allows consular staff to verify whether Member States recognise a given travel document for the purpose of affixing the visa sticker.
Lastly, I would like to address a question to the Member States.
The European Commission must ensure that all Member States reach this important target, which is vital for growth and jobs.
In conclusion, we believe that the European Union should increase research investment in both fixed and mobile future communication technologies and develop joint technology initiatives in these areas, involving universities, research institutes, device manufacturers and service and content providers.
I think that the European Union must show solidarity, support the victims of these atrocities and help, as far as possible, to find a lasting solution to an extremely difficult situation in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The plan favouring a military solution to resolve the conflict in South Kivu has proved to be a failure.
Madam President, there are not many of us here, but we are here and we are speaking out on behalf of Europe.
The fact that Indonesia has ratified the fundamental human rights conventions, and its election as a member of the UN Human Rights Council, are highly valued achievements in Europe and throughout the world.
The resolution refers to a series of acts of discrimination committed against several minorities, which cause tensions between different communities, making them victims of religious intolerance.
Since 2002, the EU has funded, for an amount of EUR 750 000, eight projects carried out by civil society organisations.
The European Parliament has shown just how much we have all been united and scandalised by this ruling, which is a purely legal decision.
When I came to this Parliament we had beef mountains, butter mountains, milk lakes – this is all gone.
Mr Duff also wants a new electoral authority to oversee the election of these new MEPs and an electoral roll for the whole of Europe.
We must ensure that the elections and also the issues are European in nature.
These show rapidly declining support for the European project, and most particularly for this Parliament.
This means that you have no faith in your parties to actually put forward good people.
Therefore, we have not done enough in my opinion.
There is also the problem of clearance of mines, with the report pointing out that some countries are overly reliant on international assistance.
This approach requires beneficiary countries to prioritise mine action in their programmes, as called for in the report.
We are commemorating and remembering what happened in London on 7 July 2005, an event we will never forget.
Salvatore Iacolino (PPE).
Moreover, there is no doubt that the increase in the average age of older people affects the social structure of each system in a number of ways.
European aid to support authoritarian states does not always guarantee democratic development;
Europe must offer its neighbouring countries something more than just a stick to lean on.
Establishing this form of communication with national authorities will facilitate the external policymaking process at EU level.
Parliament’s own representation in any new form of interparliamentary cooperation should be on a scale which reflects the range and importance of its role in scrutinising CFSP/CSDP, and should recognise the common European nature of such policies and satisfy the need to reflect the political and geographic pluralism of the House.
However, in order to achieve this, we need to agree on the way in which we will cooperate in future.
However, even faced with this difficult situation, there are plans to dramatically reduce funding for food aid from EUR 500 million in 2011 to EUR 113 million in 2012.
Sophie Auconie (PPE), in writing.
Mitro Repo (S&D).
These commitments should materialise in public awareness initiatives, the sharing of good practices between Member States and the promotion of local, national and EU-wide initiatives.
It was impossible not to think of Lear on the heath: ‘I will do such things – what they are, yet I know not: but they shall be the terrors of the earth’.
The EU needs to overhaul its approach to promoting democracy in the world while simultaneously placing values, coherence and a genuine culture of results at the heart of the project.
The people’s struggle is the best and surest response to stop all those who, like the majority in Parliament, are trying to stop the course of history.
Prospects for reaching concrete negotiating results in the short term look rather bleak.
In this respect, I would like to remind you that Article 208 of the Lisbon Treaty on the consistency of development policies obliges the European Union to consider the impact of trade and other policies on developing countries.
They are vital to the manufacture of permanent magnets used in wind turbines, as well as to electric vehicles, car catalytic converters, PCBs, fibre optics and high-temperature superconductors.
Finally, we urge the Commission to update the list of raw materials on a regular basis so that we can keep abreast of market and technology developments.
With regard to international policy, I wish to reassure you – and I regret that Ms Matias and Ms Figueiredo are not in the Chamber at present – that I have no intention of pursuing neocolonial policies in Africa.
thank you Mr Tajani.
This report, focusing only on minerals, takes a narrow and short-term approach to tackling the availability of specific raw materials and particularly rare earths.
Against the background of recent developments in East Africa, it is important to include Somalia in the list of states targeted by the EU’s counter-terrorism policy.
Texts that were agreed unanimously are now being put forward for deletion by several Groups.
It is also important to evaluate the last 10 years.
It is true that this brand image can provide advantages, but it does not always mean greater efficiency, given the legislative diversity in terms of accounting statements liable to be processed in a special way in each Member State.
An open session of the Conference of Presidents is to be held here in the Chamber on Wednesday from 14.00 to 15.30.
Firstly, independence.
As part of the integrated maritime policy, the Commission is currently working on a pillar for the Black Sea regional process with the aim of adapting the tools developed at EU level to the challenges faced by the region and to the opportunities for this basin.
These efforts must be shared by all of the parties involved, and the Commission welcomes the industry’s positive response to some of its calls for progress.
They certainly work for a living, but do not always receive payment in return.
The Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators (ACER) is the right institution for monitoring trade transactions and for providing data to countries when they are investigating breaches and imposing sanctions.
Re-regulation or monopolisation of energy production and distribution will never provide the solution.
We would then have an amendment process that can be easily followed electronically through all our institutions in the same way, so that our citizens can participate.
This makes me very hopeful that we will also be successful in future in the case of Mr Cashman’s forthcoming report and that we will be able to agree and to find the right definitions.
On the contrary, it is very difficult for ordinary citizens to understand the circuitous routes by which European law is drafted, implemented and complied with.
I would therefore like to ask the Commission to revise its proposals, and I also firmly believe that it is possible to make progress with the legislative process.
Another important point, mentioned by Ms Sommer, is the proposal to ensure space to think.
My last comment is on the proposal for the new procedural court.
Mr Rangel drew attention to the question of public consultations, and also to the enhanced role of national parliaments which was introduced by the Treaty of Lisbon.
We need to be completely clear about that.
EU legislation should be straight to the point and understandable for everyone, and this should apply both to the documents produced and the way they are prepared and negotiated.
The critical moment comes when Members of the House draft amendments in committee and ministers present the views and positions of their countries in the Council.
Our estimation is that the same number of requests for access would be granted.
But we also have more encouraging examples from recent months – for example, a petition tabled in May which fell within the context of an ongoing debate on origin labelling, with specific reference to canned fish products following the Fukushima disaster.
It is of huge importance that tomorrow, the Secretary-General of the ILO will come to this Chamber and discuss related issues with us.
Antonio Tajani, Vice-President of the Commission.
We will send a message of confidence to these young people who are starting work.
Madam President, honourable Members, I see that the honourable Members from the Mediterranean have received the message from Ms Wallis and are giving Mr Andor a short break.
Peter Šťastný (PPE).
This is why the support of the online problem-solving network SOLVIT is so important, because it allows barriers within the internal market to be removed.
Antonio Tajani, Vice-President of the Commission.
a decisive step forward in the process of integration.
60% of UK businesses would renegotiate our relationship with the EU to return to a simple free trade area.
We should recognise reality here: the reality is that instead of approaching that target, we are moving further and further away from it, and it is a direct result of the cuts and attacks that are imposed on working people right across Europe.
Did the Member States really take advantage of 2010, the year for combating poverty, to actually address this major source of insecurity, which has become a chronic emergency?
Monika Flašíková Beňová (S&D).
These people are particularly vulnerable.
László Andor, Member of the Commission.
How much data do we already have from different Member States on this issue?
Madam President, I have particular reason to speak in this debate, because this issue is, for me personally, a very important one.
There are many reasons for getting into this situation.
It has been proven scientifically that the benefits from cutting non-CO2 anthropogenic emissions are felt immediately and directly in the areas where measures are taken.
Nevertheless, in matrimonial and custody cases, I believe mediation is suitable, largely because in such cases, negotiated settlements are desirable in themselves, as they are more likely to be observed.
I would like to thank Ms McCarthy, her collaborators and teams and the other parliamentarians very much.
The changes made concur with the directive in the main objectives and the method of creating a separate institution of mediation in procedural law, as well as in the need for doing so.
The proposal is another step in introducing the European Union’s common immigration and asylum policy as enshrined in the Lisbon Treaty.
It is therefore imperative that we take steps to help these disillusioned, sick and starving fugitives as they reach their destination.
Furthermore, the changes mean Frontex will also have a mandate to process personal data obtained during operations coordinated by the agency to use in the fight against crime and human trafficking.
The European Parliament will have a very direct involvement in this, even though future amendments to this regulation will, I hope, strengthen MEPs’ right of scrutiny.
Frontex is neither a perfect alibi nor a tool for the Member States to use in support of their own migration policies.
In this report that we now have here, we demonstrate how we can make further improvements to the high-quality work that Frontex does.
I say this, of course, because the Treaty of Lisbon has come into force and Frontex is now accountable for its actions to the Court of Justice, which is no small thing;
(Applause)
Those timid dreams then became bold dreams of Poland’s participation in the development of a free world.
Zigmantas Balčytis (S&D), in writing.
Parliament could thus fulfil its control function vis-à-vis the European Commission.
In view of future amendments to this regulation, there is a need to improve EU coordination and its role in the international control regimes, and to ensure that the EU speaks with a single voice and with strong parliamentary backing on all issues within exclusive EU competence.
I therefore voted in favour of this resolution because the 20-plus regulations on various agricultural sectors – from dairy to fruit and vegetables, from tobacco to flowers – have become obsolete as subsequent acts have been drawn up to respond to the needs of a continually evolving agricultural sector in the EU 27.
Rolandas Paksas (EFD), in writing.
I am delighted that, despite the opposition of some Member States, it has been possible to push through my proposal for a guarantee regarding compliance with human rights, including religious freedoms, from third country parties wishing to use this service.
No totalitarian or authoritarian states should therefore be able to participate in the project.
In my opinion, we need to take as many reasonable steps as possible to enforce the law more strictly in the area of forestry.
From March 2008 to January 2010, new negotiations were held, which resulted in the present draft agreement, which will increase EU-Norway trade in agricultural products.
Nuno Melo (PPE), in writing.
Mr Martin is also accused of having misled the auditors responsible for scrutinising the use of funds by submitting ‘fictitious documents’.
In order to enable the full contribution of FCH technologies, continuous and stable public support and accompanying policy measures are still needed to overcome the remaining technological, economic and institutional barriers to their widespread commercialisation.
However, the recent crisis has been causing reduced investment in this area, leading to a decline in its activity.
Research and technological development underpin Europe’s goal of achieving a constant and significant reduction in carbon emissions.
While the role played by banks, hedge funds, rating agencies, supervisors or central banks has been questioned and analysed in depth in many instances, limited attention has been given so far to how the audit function could be enhanced in order to contribute to increased financial stability.
This measure will attract as many participants as possible to the audit market and create a healthy competitive environment.
Iva Zanicchi (PPE), in writing.
It is important to note that women comprise no less than 50% of the population in any EU country.
Furthermore, Europe has the highest proportion of older women in the world.
There is widespread fear that the older generation is becoming a heavy burden on younger and working-age people, and this could result in tensions between generations.
I supported this report, which confirms the fact that the proportion of elderly people is very high in European society in comparison with the rest of the world, and is continually increasing.
Special attention must therefore be paid to women by establishing networks called ‘embassies’, as is being done in 22 EU Member States.
Miguel Portas (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Shorter or interrupted careers due to childbirth or caring for others and a persistent and significant gender pay gap, which only increases with age, also contribute to this fact.
I voted for this report for the above reasons.
It therefore does not limit the right to judicial dispute resolution, but rather encourages parties to resolve disputes through a mediation procedure.
Mediation is an effective form of dispute resolution that is able to ensure the protection of the parties’ legitimate rights and interests, without recourse to the courts and to confrontation-based civil proceedings, particularly in civil cases.
Financial incentives for participation in mediation and mandatory mediation requirements help to make dispute resolution more effective and reduce the courts’ workload.
For the purposes of assessment, in order to prevent abuse and to avoid refinancing from taxpayers’ money, greater transparency needs to be imposed through an EU-wide obligation to report annually on activities, etc.
Lastly, the new provisions on transparency will guarantee a more level playing field.
In addition, there are international agreements in place already: OECD standards must prevent unlawful subsidies and promote fair competition.
The amendments proposed by the report will encourage transparency in the granting of export credits and the involvement of electors’ direct representatives – Members of this House – in issues central to economic development.
Anne Delvaux (PPE), in writing.
It calls for the introduction of a stockpiling mechanism for critical raw materials and of concrete measures to tackle market instability.
Rolandas Paksas (EFD), in writing.
The European Union, the second largest fishing power in the world, must preserve this status by adopting a better approach to the problems relating to pollution and the effects of climate change on fish stocks.
The essence of the report is the proposal for a coordinated and common approach in the area of fisheries that would also apply to third countries, including Russia, Ukraine, Turkey and Georgia.
The report that will be voted on tomorrow reflects the EU’s responsibility to ensure that its coasts are protected and that it has the capacity to respond to this type of environmental disaster.
There is also an urgent need to take the measures necessary to ensure compliance with these through effective monitoring and control.
I share the rapporteur’s opinion of the proposal that all Member States’ legislative and regulatory frameworks should adopt a robust regime, in line with current best practices, where all drilling proposals are accompanied by a safety case, which needs to be approved before operations can begin.
Oil and gas exploration in European waters or elsewhere is not the only answer to solve Europe’s energy mix, but it is vital to securing a diversified energy mix and thousands of British and European jobs.
In the business world, those running their own companies are often far more dedicated than employees and put in longer hours, making personal sacrifices to succeed against the competition.
It is good news that this has primarily been brought about by courageous freedom fighters in the country.
My third and final point is that Libya has ample resources.
Madam President, first of all I would like to say that I think this debate today proves that both the European strategy and the international community’s strategy on Libya in the last few months have brought positive results.
The most pressing task for the new Libyan authorities is ending the violence and establishing the elementary basis for the rule of law.
Then they will begin to fight for one man, one vote, which Israel will be unable to accept because the Palestinians will make up the majority, so Israel will be forced to create an apartheid State.
In my opinion, therefore, we need to take appropriate measures now.
These processes should run side by side.
Any conflict between the religious groups would be dangerous for the course of events in the country, as well as for the region’s stability.
And that is even without mentioning those Member States which, according to press reports, have in various ways more or less rallied behind the Palestinian plan.
You cannot be proud of a country where anti-Semitism is routine, can you?
Its identity paradoxically grows stronger in the national sentiment with every day that passes, thanks to the occupation.
This issue can be approached from an outside perspective – any implications that the outcome of the General Assembly might have on the peace process, and any change to the status quo, count a great deal – and from the perspective of the internal dimension of the EU.
How could such a development in any way help promote the peace process?
Great politicians and diplomats have already tried to solve this problem, so far unsuccessfully.
Written statements (Rule 149)
First of all, I would like to thank Mr Dowgielewicz – I apologise if I pronounced your name incorrectly – for having explained to us very clearly – at least for those who are familiar with the issue – where we are at and what we are trying to do.
This is obvious.
Mr President, corruption is a problem about which we must speak out vociferously.
The only remedy to corrupt practices is transparent actions.
More specifically, we cannot talk about combating corruption unless we are capable of adopting at least basic standards for defining the crime of corruption, which there is no trace of in the package just launched.
What is needed is political will and zero tolerance.
There will also be a network of local research correspondents consisting of representatives of civil society and academia.
I am sure the Members of this House are familiar with the analysis conducted recently and published by the Swiss bank UBS.
However, we must remember that this process should not be used to create a two-speed Europe.
In America, President Obama is launching a USD 450 billion American jobs act and Europe remains silent on the jobs crisis.
(Applause)
Written statements (Rule 149)
What do we need?
Secondly, the fiscal policy of EU countries should be strengthened by issuing eurobonds and by introducing a financial transaction tax (including a more active role for the European Parliament and national parliaments in this process).
This must be accompanied at European level by the creation of effective instruments for monitoring and controlling public finances.
Anna Záborská (PPE), in writing.
Your speech and your analysis at the end of the turbulent events of recent months has not indicated to me that you are the right person, together with the Commission, to show us the way out of intergovernmentalism and out of the club of rich countries which is currently governing the eurozone and towards a greater sense of community.
Therefore, the inflation rate cannot be seen as the only parameter that needs to be taken into account when framing the budget.
Mr President, in 1940, at the start of the Nazi occupation, the Norwegian poet Nordahl Grieg wrote ‘We are so few in this country and every fallen is a brother or a friend’.
Mr President, when there is a massacre, at first most of us do not know what to say.
Certain politicians have been telling us for some time that multiculturalism has failed.
I voted for the resolution because I agree with the Commission’s proposal, as the application fulfils the eligibility criteria set out in the EGF Regulation.
This will enable us to take a step towards stabilising the labour market and reducing unemployment, thereby contributing to sustainable economic growth.
The European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) was established to provide additional support for workers made redundant as a result of major structural changes in world trade patterns due to globalisation and to assist them with their reintegration into the labour market.
This support is essential for helping the unemployed and victims of company relocations that occur within a globalised context.
The application, relating to case EGF/2010/027 NL/Noord-Brabant Division 18 from the Netherlands, was submitted to the Commission on 20 December 2010 and supplemented by additional information up to 7 March 2011.
The new legislation should be simple, user-friendly and easy to understand for all citizens.
Measures financed by the EGF should be aimed at creating long-term employment.
However, I would like to stress that the classification of documents as public, confidential or secret has a very substantial effect on the practical application of the right of access to these documents.
Maria Da Graça Carvalho (PPE), in writing.
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
It reiterates that the infringement procedure consists of two phases: the administrative (investigation) stage and the judicial stage before the Court of Justice.
The Commission has a fundamental role as ‘guardian of the Treaties’, and in this capacity it can and should bring infringement proceedings against Member States that have failed to fulfil their obligations under the Treaties.
At the same time, we need to adopt a proactive approach in terms of information availability and make every effort to provide the public with as many categories of documents as possible via every communication channel.
Such behaviour will clearly strengthen public confidence in the actions of the European Union and the proper management of funds.
I voted for this report, as it maintains that European institutions should contribute to making simple and clear laws that are accessible and easily understood, so that, firstly, laws may be more efficiently implemented, and, secondly, EU citizens are able to exercise their rights more easily.
In Denmark where I come from there is currently an election campaign going on, and the election is tomorrow.
My colleagues and I have dealt with distressing cases, such as cross-border divorces and compulsory purchases of the properties owned by thousands of people in Spain under the Spanish law on coastal areas.
The incorporation of the Charter into EU primary law under the principle of subsidiarity means that Member States are responsible for compliance with the principles of the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
To that end, we definitely need to establish a one-stop shop for petitions.
This is fine, but the Member States must now find the resources to meet this challenge.
It calls on Member States to put an end to this situation by 2015, and on the European Union to help them by developing an ambitious strategy and not simply monitoring Member States’ results.
Marielle De Sarnez (ALDE), in writing.
Monika Flašíková-Beňová (S&D), in writing.
I very much welcome this initiative and the attention which is now being paid to addressing non-CO2 emissions.
Ambitious and coordinated action at all levels is required in order to be able to combat climate change effectively.
Mr President, I wish to express my deep concern over the fighting in Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile State which broke out on 1 September between the Sudanese armed forces and forces of the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement.
Droughts are recurring phenomena, intensified by climate change.
The Commission should provide food aid, healthcare, clean water and sanitation supplies immediately.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
I believe that the available resources will primarily serve a threefold purpose.
Mr President, I am delighted to have this opportunity to address all of you before the final vote tomorrow morning on the Green Paper own-initiative report ‘Towards a Common Strategic Framework for EU Research and Innovation Funding’, now known as the Horizon 2020 Programme.
I would like to highlight some of your suggestions for Horizon 2020 that are particularly interesting to the Commission.
If we want to remain competitive in today's globalised world, we must not undervalue this area.
The Commission has created the necessary instruments to allow Member States and their customs authorities to do their job.
Only if it is adopted quickly will it be able to calm the recent instability in the financial markets and prevent another recession, something which is looking ever more likely.
Instead, we have a storm of uncoordinated and often contradictory statements, interviews and opinions.
Moreover, according to the conclusions of the World Commission on Dams, the financial return on large dam projects continues to be uncertain.
It is not sufficiently clear, for example, how the necessary coherence between all relevant policy areas is to be ensured, and how, in particular in international trade policy, the appropriate adjustments are to be made in connection with the reform of the common agricultural policy.
How are they to be fulfilled?
Jean-Claude Juncker, President of the Eurogroup.
this is something that is already happening, just not fast enough.
I am not scared, however, nor am I bothered by the prospect of euro area Heads of State or Government meeting from time to time to discuss, decide on and give impetus to the Eurogroup at finance minister level, as they bear full responsibility for the policies implemented.
Do you believe that a solution is possible?
Robert Goebbels (S&D).
Widespread use of short-time work schemes, that is all very well, but we introduced this the moment the crisis hit Europe.
In particular, would you not agree that Article 136 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union makes it possible to adopt legislative measures for the euro area within the scope of the economic policy competences given to the EU by the treaties?
I firmly believe that the continued central role of women in the Arab Spring is a key test of the strength and the extent of the changes.
The ideal next step would be for the Palestinians, via the Palestinian Authority Government, to do likewise in order to achieve their state.
Such transformations will have a fundamental impact on future generations, not only in the regions affected, but also in their surroundings.
I cannot be so pessimistic about the dynamics because I can see with my own eyes that more and more people from the eastern countries, from the eastern partners, see their future in a family with us.
Enlargement has been the most successful foreign policy tool of the EU and can serve as a strong incentive for internal reforms aiming to reach deep democracy in these countries.
Even though I am not sure that the architects of the Eastern partnership plan have a clear set of motives, I would like to believe that the planned summit will strengthen European unity, and will not lead to the creation of a new cordon sanitaire around Russia.
As Commissioner Füle said, negotiations on reunification have been ongoing – without success, so far – between top-level representatives of the Greek-Cypriots and Turkish-Cypriots for more than two years now.
Thus, in its effort to foment trouble, Turkey has given notice of its own exclusive economic zone, because it has not signed the Law of the Sea, which has been signed by the whole of the European Union, and it is claiming no more and no less than about half the Eastern Mediterranean.
The traditional balance in the region appears to have been overturned and the path which Mr Erdoğan has chosen, in basically ignoring Europe, is causing a great deal of concern right across the continent of Europe and in the United States.
Indeed, Turkey shares some of the responsibility for escalating tensions in the region.
The Treaty of Lisbon introduces provisions enabling us to strengthen our response to disasters, and to make it more comprehensive, coordinated and efficient.
Ioan Mircea Paşcu (S&D).
For reference: in previous years, it would be two, three, four or five times and this year, we already have activated it 11 times and the probability is that there may be more activations.
I have just come back from Washington where we in the Commission took the lead, together with the World Bank and the government of Japan, in making this question of preparedness and of prevention a high global priority, and we will continue with structured measures focusing on actions taken in prevention in order to boost this work.
Madam President, Commissioner, we, too, welcome your communication on improving civil protection in the European Union.
In this regard, I would like to see a balanced information campaign by the Commission highlighting the advantages and disadvantages of external trade, and I would be extremely grateful if we could uphold this demand contained in the report.
Kader Arif (S&D).
We have increased humanitarian assistance from EUR 76 million to 86 million because of these floods.
Thank you very much for your reply, which I appreciate.
For example, there is the Commission proposal that the Globalisation Adjustment Fund would also be eligible for farmers.
It is a very serious case and the Commission is definitely doing everything possible.
Indeed, it is stated explicitly in the agreement that the observance of human rights is one of the material elements of the agreement and that, if we –or you – determine that these human rights are being systematically violated, we will have the ability to immediately terminate the agreement without giving any further justification.
I am referring, in particular, to the parts of the recommendation that extend the agreements which formerly related only to the individual Member State, such as on safety and designations, to the whole of the EU.
The EU-US Memorandum of Cooperation concerns cooperation on civil aviation research and development between the two areas.
I would like to draw special attention to our desire, as clearly expressed in our resolution, to support innovation by creating a European Small and Medium-Sized Enterprise (SME) Investment Bank and financing arrangements for innovative projects – even though, in many cases, European funding is actually in place, but scientific projects are not completed.
The European Schools were created out of a concern to offer children who are not resident in their country of origin an education in their mother tongue.
Zigmantas Balčytis (S&D), in writing.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The levels of national cofinancing have been one of the main barriers to better absorption, so it is crucial to create conditions whereby the Member States are able to fully absorb Union funds and put them to good use.
Since the late 1990s, absorption of structural and cohesion funds has been recognised as a principal concern in relation to the implementation of the EU cohesion policy.
Franck Proust (PPE), in writing.
In the forthcoming discussions, it is important that Parliament takes up this matter.
Paulo Rangel (PPE), in writing.
Iva Zanicchi (PPE), in writing.
In order to do so, the Commission should prepare a comprehensive and innovative EU strategy on disaster risk reduction.
I welcome the adoption of the Gardini report, which calls for the creation of a European civil protection force.
Recorded disasters within Europe over the past 20 years have killed almost 90 000 people, affected more than 29 million and caused EUR 211 billion in economic losses.
I would therefore like to call for the better awareness and training of dealers in these goods not to be forgotten, for sufficient up-to-date and intelligible information to be available, based on high-quality legislation, and for there to be clear procedures for all of the stakeholders: control bodies, dealers and others.
I supported this own-initiative report because it is crucial for Europe, currently facing an economic crisis that will not be easy to solve, to find strength in areas precisely such as tourism in order to stimulate new growth.
After the new competences in the tourism sector were introduced by the Lisbon Treaty, a series of initiatives at a European and multinational level were proposed.
Mr President, I support a lot of what is in this report on global food security.
As such, I believe that improving the quality of life of the populations of less developed regions should involve setting out a comprehensive dam strategy, establishing fruitful political dialogue, and investment in warning systems capable of pre-detecting natural disasters such as floods, landslides or tsunamis.
That is why the European Union must continue down its chosen road by committing to support the construction of dams in these countries and to improve the protection of buildings from floods by developing floodplain storage and appropriate bypass systems.
Roberta Angelilli (PPE), in writing.
In view of the growing global population and increasing pressure on natural resources, it is essential to establish more sustainable, energy-saving and efficient forms of production globally.
As regards price volatility resulting from speculation on foodstuffs, despite some relevant observations, the report could and should have gone further, specifically by mentioning that the only way to prevent such speculation is to abolish the instruments that make it possible, such as over-the-counter derivatives.
If, on top of this, we add the combination of factors that incentivise agricultural production and ensure secure food supplies for these countries, the progress made will be truly significant.
Food insecurity is one such vitally important issue.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Firstly, the document specifies that the primary aim of the agreement between the EU and the Palestinian Authority is to support the development of the Palestinian economy.
I supported the Caspary report on a new trade policy for Europe.
Parliament calls on the Commission to promote it.
Vital Moreira (S&D), in writing.
the European Union’s strategy cannot simply ignore this.
Why?
Equally, Palestinian products must be recognised as such in order to facilitate Palestine’s economic development as, while there cannot be sustainable development without peace and security, there cannot be lasting peace without economic development and without the eradication of poverty.
The Palestinian Authority is the EU’s smallest trading partner: exports from the two territories to the EU totalled EUR 6.1 million in 2009.
I am voting for this recommendation, since agreements in the field of civil aviation that have been regulated by bilateral agreements have to be replaced with a general agreement between the European Union – which includes all the Member States – and third countries, so as to prevent discrimination as regards free competition.
How else can you explain the persistent flow of immigrants towards Lampedusa and Europe, Ms Malmström?
As citizens, we all gain through Europe.
This package of measures and, perhaps, an agreement;
Pay heed to the urgency, President Barroso.
You spoke of a Europe of citizens.
The average of the bonds in the eurozone – NT bonds – is more than 200 basic points, with, naturally, Greece at 2 149 basic points of difference – a 21%-higher interest rate.
In Italy there is a difference of 400 basic points.
Mr Barroso, should we not promote this sector now more than ever?
Let us be completely clear.
At the moment, the European Union has 23 million citizens who are unemployed and 80 million citizens exposed to the risk of poverty.
Ask ourselves and say where do most financial transactions in the EU take place?
Article XXIV:4 of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade stresses that ‘the purpose of a customs union or of a free-trade area should be to facilitate trade between the constituent territories and not to raise barriers to the trade of other contracting parties with such territories’.
I therefore voted in favour, so that this situation with Argentina can be regularised.
Six Member States, three of which are in the euro area, are having budgetary problems and risk defaulting on their debt.
According to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, ‘the purpose of a customs union or of a free-trade area should be to facilitate trade between the constituent territories and not to raise barriers to the trade of other contracting parties with such territories’.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
Mr President, thank you for giving me the floor.
The Commission has rightly chosen the enlargement of the tariff rate quota for New Zealand for the products involved, since it is the most targeted way of compensating those countries which need compensation.
I voted in favour because I agree with the aim of this agreement.
I welcome the agreement with New Zealand and am of the opinion that the European Parliament should approve it.
That has been the story of the euro all along, and people are entitled to make their own mistakes.
We are, as Winston Churchill said, ‘interested and associated but not absorbed’.
What is more, I do not believe that the markets will be impressed by the economic ‘six pack’.
I obviously voted emphatically against this report.
In my opinion, a key question is that of giving the EU an instrument which allows it to react to the excessive debt of a Member State.
The Commission should have a more forceful coordination role in the enhanced surveillance procedure, in particular as regards Member State-specific assessments, monitoring, in situ missions, recommendations and warnings.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
The ECR cooperated fully to make the new system as effective, accountable and transparent as possible and, even though this report does not concern the non-eurozone members, we were very happy to contribute.
We would also remind the Council of the need to start the trialogue with Parliament on the regulation on origin marking.
The Commission’s proposals to improve economic governance are of great importance to the future of the EU and economic growth, particularly in the euro area.
Moreover, it is impossible to dispense with a secure basis for decision making, based on reliable data on the situation of the EU economy.
The European Parliament has supplemented the proposal on enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances with requirements for all Member States to integrate the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact in their budgetary procedures, to give a greater and more independent surveillance role to the Commission, as well as a stronger surveillance role for Parliament.
It is crucial that we do this, otherwise we are just seen as irrelevant and we are just not dealing with the reality of the situation.
Mário David (PPE), in writing.
Particularly important in this report is the proposal for reducing sovereign debt on the basis of a three-year average, as opposed to a fixed annual rate for the same period, which was previously advocated by the Commission.
It tightens the stranglehold on the Member States even more, in particular on the countries with the weakest economies, and on their people.
Ilda Figueiredo (GUE/NGL), in writing.
He also proposed, as did Commissioner Rehn, solidarity bonds or eurobonds.
This resolution highlights the fact that discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity is still a reality both within and outwith the EU.
A substantial proportion of the sum now being mobilised − EUR 30 million in commitments − is for the ‘operational expenditure’ of the European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union (Frontex), which is the body responsible for implementing the European Union’s repressive, security-based policy against immigration.
I cannot vote for it, since I reject the first part.
These would be cofinanced with social funding from Brussels, in order to guarantee the provision of food aid in all Member States.
Intervention purchases as a tool for regulating the market have been completely withdrawn in the case of certain products or have been significantly reduced.
The Commissioner is right to shame those Council members who are incapable of showing solidarity at this time.
We must not allow the short-sightedness of a few to put paid to an instrument that is needed now more than ever, and let us not forget that sometimes the greatest benefits come from people’s conscience, not their wallet.
The most important thing is for the Commission to find a proper basis for the existing food programme and any new one.
What are we to say to the people who ask us why the Union is making cuts in spending on the free distribution of food in this situation?
As regards the effectiveness of these funds – an issue raised by Mr Nicholson – and waste, we will have a chance to see how, as of 2014, we will be able to improve the functioning of this programme.
Forty-three million Europeans cannot afford to eat meat or fish once in two days.
In 2009, 440 000 tonnes of food were distributed to about 18 million people.
This leads to social and environmental instability.
We are looking forward to continued cooperation on the very long way to achieve what we want in Rio.
Rio must be the next step, our latest response to threats which are becoming a reality.
Pavel Poc (S&D), in writing.
It keeps a certain distance from the Commission’s communication, clarifying the concept of a green economy and acknowledging that this will not automatically make the poor prosperous or realise the Millennium Development Goals.
Eija-Riitta Korhola (PPE), in writing.
This is happening because demand for energy is increasing quickly, and discoveries of more gas, oil or coal deposits cannot keep up with this demand.
I support the proposals being made by the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance calling for the development of green energy.
I hope that this Rio Summit in June 2012 will result in strong decisions, unlike the Copenhagen Climate Change Summit, the results of which were no match for the challenges faced.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
Mr President, we voted against the report on the future of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund.
For the subsequent period, the European Parliament is calling for changes to its content in order to learn the necessary lessons from practice to date and to adapt the legal regulation appropriately.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
After the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the EU and Morocco expired in February 2011, a new protocol was signed on 13 July 2011.
Sebastian Valentin Bodu (PPE), in writing.
Extending the life of the fund would certainly help at a time when there are signs of the economic crisis returning.
Maria do Céu Patrão Neves (PPE), in writing.
Europe must step up its efforts and do everything it can to ensure that a peaceful, just and lasting resolution to this conflict is finally achieved.
After all, a procedure that takes up to 18 months is a particularly long time for a campaign that is all about fire-fighting – far too long.
Finally, I should like to add one thing.
If we really want to carry on tackling problems of this type through European resources, which I am personally not in favour of, we should make use of the European Social Fund.
If, tomorrow, the Council were to decide against extending this fund, and against allowing it to be mobilised in connection with the crisis, then it would bear a heavy responsibility, because it would be sending the message that, just when the crisis is having an even greater impact than before, Europe is cutting the means of support that it provides to its workers.
Failing this principle, only a partial solution is provided to the problem, which will pose a threat to the industry’s competitiveness and, therefore, to several thousand jobs in the European Union, and will mean failure in terms of the global reduction in carbon emissions.
This interferes with competition in the EU market.
I think that the production of steel and aluminium in electric furnaces must be quickly included among the industrial sectors eligible for financial compensatory measures, with the aim of safeguarding the European Union’s industrial competitiveness.
Now it must be decided whether the exploration mechanism will use real passenger images or stick images, which are the most appropriate option in order to protect the intimacy, privacy, health and dignity of passengers.
No passenger will be forced to use the scanner, as Parliament requested.
You have taken them almost entirely on board.
The second point concerns Eurobonds.
Therefore, my sincere request is for the Commission to press forward with these matters.
Therefore, please table the proposals and then we will adopt them.
They must be implemented immediately.
This should be through an effective second adjustment programme, based on adequate financing through public and private sector involvement, backed up with robust implementation and monitoring mechanisms.
Repeated debates have insisted on the fact that this crisis is made up of many crises.
I expect the President of the Commission to be just as courageous and convincing at the European summit as he was here with us, and I ask the Heads of State or Government that, instead of continually proclaiming that we are all interdependent, they also act consistently in that spirit.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
Stanimir Ilchev (ALDE).
The obvious logic in this sequence of events has currently produced no result.
We should properly ensure that all conditions are met with every new step that is made towards enlarging the Schengen area.
Ioan Enciu (S&D).
Piotr Stachańczyk, President-in-Office of the Council.
Bogusław Sonik (PPE).
I am firmly convinced that the people of Ukraine have really fought for and deserve this association agreement through their commitment to democratic development.
The then Conservative Government lost a lot of political credibility when it tried to increase VAT to 15%.
Madam President, the report that we are debating here today takes the right approach, presenting a modern vision of value-added tax (VAT) and taxation, and includes a series of proposals that should act as an incentive for the initiative that the Commission could and should present to Parliament.
If we also consider that VAT carousel fraud, and VAT fraud in general, accounts for between EUR 80 and 100 billion, I think that we must then have sufficient incentive to take action.
I therefore welcome the proposals set out in this report inviting the Commission to simplify, adapt and improve harmonisation of VAT systems in Europe, thereby allowing a return to growth.
We have a job tax – called national insurance in my country – which is absolutely huge, so the employee does not actually get half the money that is being paid by the employer.
All this is happening at the same time as they are preparing to give billions of euro to the banks, transferring their debts to the public sector.
In the case of intra-Community transactions, the Commission has declared its willingness to definitively abandon the objective of taxation in the country of origin in favour of destination-based taxation.
E-invoicing helps reduce payment delays, the risk of errors and fraud, as well as administrative costs.
Maria do Céu Patrão Neves (PPE), in writing.
Jiří Havel (S&D), in writing.
Essentially, the EBRD supports the development of the local sector: small and medium-sized enterprises, individuals, towns, regional cooperation, innovation, job creation, energy, environmental projects, and so on.
Moreover, in this case, we are talking about its external aspect.
However, we do not agree with all the rapporteur’s positions.
I believe that it is appropriate to reduce the maximum time allowed for processing export authorisation requests in order to speed up administrative and bureaucratic procedures and enable exporters to plan their activities more effectively.
Economic development is to foster political stability in the entire region.
In order to be able to take account of this aim in future, too, it is important for the regulation to be updated and adapted to the circumstances.
The EU is therefore currently the Balkan countries’ largest trading partner.
The basis of this pact would be to develop a series of policies diametrically opposed to so-called ‘austerity’, of which the programmes of aggression against the workers and peoples of Greece, Portugal and Ireland currently being imposed by the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank and the European Commission are extreme examples.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
The European Parliament has demonstrated its support for a common EU-level approach on more than one occasion.
ensuring that there is sufficient cover for consumers in cases of fraud;
Margrete Auken (Verts/ALE), in writing.
I voted in favour of this report.
Madam President, I supported the resolution calling for a comprehensive plan to save the eurozone because I do think that we have to give a clear message to the Council to take fast, tough and decisive measures in relation to sovereign debt.
I think we need to be aware that we should not allow the most vulnerable to suffer due to economic crisis, and in times of austerity, we need to make sure that they are the ones that we look after best.
Another key point is access to public procurement markets, under favourable conditions, by operators in the social economy and small and medium-sized enterprises.
I therefore call on you to vote in favour of maintaining paragraph 22, so that employees’ rights are respected and job-creating small businesses are protected in every Member State.
I am pleased that the report incorporates some of these demands, particularly the anchoring of social and ecological standards and the removal of the criterion of the cheapest offer.
Reinhard Bütikofer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
However, we must provide support by implementing policies to ensure an economic atmosphere conducive to investment and economic growth.
They will be a discovery for everyone.
I think that businesses, more than when we had the opportunity to debate the amendments to the directive, need to receive the payments due to them on time.
I have listened to them very carefully and will, of course, communicate them to my colleague, Mr Tajani.
There will be two new frameworks, Mr Bütikofer: one on competitiveness and SMEs, and another to help SMEs to access research funding.
All in all, we have already presented more than 200 proposals to simplify the existing legislation and reduce administrative burdens by more than 31%.
We have no business drafting theoretical or ideological legislation.
For the working people, they mark a harsh new attack on their lives.
By this I am referring to pensioners, teachers and doctors, and those on very low incomes in general.
secondly, on its results and further initiatives which need to be undertaken in order to strengthen the Single Market for services;
We need to ensure that we have responsible monetary policies at global level, and we need to achieve currency policies that are convertible and open up more trade possibilities between the countries with surpluses and those with deficits.
The EU must find an integrated solution for resolving the debt crisis in the euro area.
I would like to stress that in the labour market, we must not discriminate against pregnant women or women who have just given birth purely because of their biological role, the fact that they are becoming mothers.
I reminded the European Council that we are also the Parliament of the eurozone.
As a very minimum, the Commission expects ArcelorMittal and Nokia to observe strictly the EU directives on information and consultation, collective redundancies and European Works Councils.
The Commission wants to encourage permanent business adaptation to swiftly changing economic circumstances while maintaining a high degree of employment and social protection.
Martin Callanan (ECR).
What is the thanks for this generosity on the part of the Belgian State, paid for by Belgian workers and by the impact on public services and so on?
All of this undermines their competitiveness in relation to their third-country competitors.
The national social partners and the national governments will be the ones responsible for managing the social and economic situations on the ground.
A voluntary approach and calls for compliance are completely useless.
Since then, it is clear that little real progress has been made regarding these various proposals.
Madam President, I can understand that there is a heated discussion here and that there are a lot of concerns among Members of this Parliament.
trains;
Yes, this is the result of your policies, and your institutions are bowing and scraping to Mittal to the bitter end, because even now that it is talking of job losses, you are still proposing to grant it State aid.
This is precisely why I think that significant increases need to be made in investments in education, research and innovation, taking into account the possibility of allocating investments from the structural funds to this area, so as to be able to create the conditions for smart, sustainable economic growth.
I should like to inform you that, for the last two years, I have had to go back to school in order to learn about labour legislation.
The Social Fund will contribute to three of the five EU headline targets: employment, education and reducing poverty and social exclusion.
According to OECD research, investment in education and training has a very high yield, because highly trained people pay more taxes, public revenues exceed expenditures, and the rate of employment is also higher among people with higher qualifications.
Although that figure varies from one Member State to the next, we are talking about huge sums of money.
The better-performing countries should not be overlooked;
I think that at present, the European decision-making system and our values are both in crisis.
However, it is important that we make a clear commitment at a high level to maternity and paternity leave.
I can assure you that no one in this Chamber shares her view.
The Women’s Rights Committee is now trying to push its overreaching, expensive and unnecessary proposal onto the Council.
Is the Council prepared to compromise on main issues like the duration of maternity leave and the level of payment?
Raising this issue now will only deter corporations from establishing headquarters in the EU, and they will instead look to Asia or South America.
So, unlike my colleagues, I am arguing in favour of a dispassionate analysis of the facts.
However, if you are concerned, we should renegotiate this.
it was just a statement.
It is precisely for that reason that we are so satisfied with the launch of the European Semester and the integration of the Semester into the ‘six-pack’.
In fact, the only drawback with it is that we will be leaving the European Parliament at the mercy of the Internet.
The debate is closed.
National reform programmes which specify how a particular country would like to spend at least the majority of funding received from the EU are linked into the whole process.
Madam President, I should like to echo what Mr Gauzès said.
John Dalli, Member of the Commission.
I was quite disappointed with the figures showing that the spending fund is not 100% accessible.
I am ready to continue discussions with you on this issue and to put further questions to the Greek authorities, albeit they have many other concerns at the moment, concerns that we share.
Madam President, I do not wish to catch the Commissioner by surprise, but this new procedure probably has that element too.
I would therefore like to know why private security services were excluded, but businesses which carry out this kind of security service are not excluded.
With regard to revenue from fees, the report notes that the agency has invested in software in order to clear the backlog with the recovery orders.
Paulo Rangel (PPE), in writing.
Last week, you and I hosted the signing of the Microsoft and Workability International Education Alliance.
As European Parliament Mediator for International Parental Child Abduction, I can testify that when the parents are willing to find a solution, this guarantees a swift resolution that respects all the parties.
However, in contrast to the approach taken in the Commission’s consultation, our contention is that the scope of alternative dispute resolution should not be confined to commercial matters.
Parliament is the only directly elected institution of the EU, and it grants discharge for fulfilment of the EU’s general budget.
Sometimes, it is better to let well alone.
As such, I agree that ‘A global financial and economic crisis cannot serve as a reason to water down environmental standards.
As the rapporteur says, the engines in question are only produced by a small number of large companies.
The implementation of these measures will mitigate the consequences of the current economic crisis as far as possible for engine and vehicle manufacturers and will maintain competitiveness and employment in this sector.
People with disabilities must have the right to community-based services conducive to independent living, to personal assistance, to economic and social independence, and to full participation in society and the labour market.
The European Parliament voted this week in favour of a wider inclusion of people with disabilities in the labour market and for further provisions in fighting against discrimination.
In light of this, the EU should encourage Member States towards harmonising their policies and strategies for people with disabilities.
Inclusion, in both society and the labour market, offers new opportunities for the future of employability in Europe.
I voted for this report because I believe disability should be approached differently.
In this regard, it is necessary, on the one hand, to remove the barriers that cause the exclusion of people with disabilities, and, on the other, to adopt measures that will help them enter the job market.
We also call on the Commission to propose a major EU directive on accessibility for people with disabilities.
In Europe, there is clearly still a need to put in place measures tailored to people with disabilities, also in terms of the various degrees and types of disability.
Assuming that online public procurement will also increase, I have voted to adopt the report.
This is a very important issue.
It also needs coordination at European, state, regional and local levels.
In Lithuania, small enterprises receive a smaller proportion of public procurement contracts than they should if we take into account the share of the economy they represent.
I voted for the text presented by Ms Rühle on the modernisation of public procurement, also in view of the upcoming debate on the proposal to review the so-called procurement directives.
I congratulate Mr Ungureanu on his report.
Vito Bonsignore (PPE), in writing.
Consequently, there is a need for greater cooperation so as to eliminate the barriers preventing workers from moving freely in search of a job.
in fact, it could exacerbate them.
in other words, it has made the common market work better.
On these issues, the report has nothing to say.
In particular, this report advocates the setting up of fully operational Points of Single Contact under the Services Directive.
I voted for this report on the Services Directive’s mutual evaluation process as I believe that implementation of this directive is very important.
The main goal was to assess the state of the internal market for services following implementation of the directive, and the evaluation focused chiefly on legal requirements for the establishment of businesses and the cross-border provision of services.
The report unfortunately approves the mutual evaluation process of the Services Directive and calls for the abolition of remaining regulatory barriers.
The ink is barely dry on new European legislation strengthening the foundations of the European superstate and here we are creating a global financial government under the aegis of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
The report on the situation of single mothers states that education and information about the sexual and reproductive rights of women, in particular young women, are essential for avoiding unwanted pregnancies.
I wholeheartedly agree with the reasons set out by the rapporteur regarding the amendments to the Council’s position, both with reference to the European Data Protection Supervisor and with reference to the European External Action Service.
Health care benefits should be afforded to single mothers along with their dependent children in order to counteract the lack of two parent providers.
As politicians, we owe it to ourselves to adapt to changing societies and to take into account the new needs and issues that are appearing.
These women, who are often in a fragile situation, must receive special attention from our governments, as they are faced with the same challenges as those of a two-parent family unit, like education, training, employment and so on.
Rolandas Paksas (EFD), in writing.
It is obviously extremely important to combat organised crime.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
At a time when the EU budget is overstretched and far-reaching austerity measures have been introduced in the Member States, it was important for us to oppose this proposal.
In my opinion, the correct approach has been taken with the introduction of procedural changes, such as the exclusion for tender with regard to the selection of educational experts, as they contribute to the improved execution of the agency’s tasks as well as the rationalisation of expenditure.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
Following the delay in discharge of the accounts of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in April, Parliament is now discharging them, in recognition of the measures taken to correct the deficiencies of 2009, and in accordance with the letter from the Chair of the EMA’s Management Board of 17 June 2011.
However, I would like to point out that the agency failed to provide Parliament with the action plan on public procurement, its timetable for implementation and the updated documents on the management and prevention of conflicts of interests, as requested in May 2011 when the discharge was postponed.
satisfactory reception conditions as well as access to health care, in particular in the area of mental health, to help refugees get back on their feet;
Mr President, we are all firmly of the belief that resistance to antibiotics is a life-threatening risk: pneumonias that can no longer be treated, hospitals struggling with MRSA cases, outbreaks of the EHEC virus.
Sometimes it is used to mask poor animal welfare and hygiene, which is clearly unacceptable.
I hope that will lead to a creative debate and a concrete plan of action that will see us fight and reduce antimicrobial resistance.
The very strict registration requirements, the huge costs of conducting clinical studies and what the pharmaceutical industry considers to be insufficient profits have caused pharmaceutical firms to abandon work on new drugs over the last 20 years, and this has been extremely negligent.
As regards the development of new effective antimicrobials, the Commission is committed to exploring with all relevant stakeholders how to ensure the availability of new, effective antimicrobials and treatments against infectious diseases, along with the promotion of the prudent use of such antimicrobials.
Mr President, in 1945, Alexander Fleming already feared the excessive use of antibiotics and said the following: ‘Instead of fighting infection, the risk would be that germs learn to resist penicillin and that those same germs would then be transmitted from one individual to another and lead to an infection that penicillin could not cure.’
Theodoros Skylakakis, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
I am pleased with the motion for a resolution, which concerns a serious problem affecting human health.
Half of the population already wrongly knocks back antibiotics for a touch of flu or a cold.
We, too, welcome the measures to deal with the exclusion of convicted offenders from employment involving direct and regular contact with children.
Thirdly, it introduces new provisions into European legislation to prevent access to certain websites, thereby creating a precedent which may prove to be inadequate in terms of future judgments in this sector.
This development makes finding those who promote child pornography a very difficult exercise;
We have provided for the seizure and confiscation of assets and proceeds connected to the crimes set out in this directive.
It stresses the need for more prevention and introduces harsher penalties.
Admittedly, they are indirect victims, but they can be deeply affected by the sexual violence that their child has suffered.
Perhaps I have overlooked this aspect in the documents of the Commission.
We must therefore look for a solution that will limit the dissemination of child pornography and the abuse of children as much as possible.
Internet blocks are ineffective, imprecise, easy to circumvent and do not help to combat sexual abuse.
President.
The Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe and our rapporteur Nadja Hirsch (who is unfortunately not well today) welcome the fact that a compromise has been reached between the institutions concerning the correlation tables.
We know that it is difficult to strike a balance between security and data protection.
After three years the data elements which could serve to identify the passenger to whom PNR data relate will be masked out.
Madam President, first of all I would like to address a few words to my friends in the Green Group and the GUE/NGL Group, though unfortunately Jan Albrecht has left.
Having read it, I must say that the agreement with Australia for the forwarding of European PNR data is not compatible with European law or with the constitutions of the Member States.
However, they are not the only ones watching us: this year the markets are also particularly attentive to our decisions and our ability to take the necessary decisions – in the right ways and in the right timeframes – in order to get back on track.
It is a blatant disregard of the hardship suffered by the taxpayer when the countries in crisis need to cut back on spending and the donor countries are being asked to dole out ever-growing transfers.
Where can we make savings?
That is exactly what we must avoid in proper budgetary policy.
Mr President, as we ask citizens to tighten their belts, they ask us what we are doing.
First of all, Afghanistan: this is a painful cut, but at the same time we must be aware that, despite the good results of our mission, the EU is a bit-part player on this issue, subordinate to the strategies of others which, moreover, are not seeing great success.
The common agricultural policy should also be reviewed so that in future all Member States are funded more fairly, so we can guarantee the creation of additional jobs.
Mr President, the European Parliament’s Committee on Development has reiterated its priorities in its opinion on the 2012 budget.
It ruled that human life starts at conception and that the human embryo is worthy of legal protection.
First of all, I would like to express my gratitude to the rapporteurs, Ingeborg Gräßle and Mr Rivellini, for their report on this very complex and technically very difficult dossier.
Some call that tax optimisation.
However, this posture of inertia has led to veritable ‘lex shopping’ – since the Court of Justice clearly considers this acceptable when companies are being set up – which creates additional problems for the Member States.
Derek Vaughan (S&D), in writing.
One indication of this is the number of unemployed academics, who have been displaced by the cheap competition pushing its way in from abroad.
Until such a time as new rules are adopted, we four MEPs will travel in accordance with the rules currently in force.
Sophie Auconie (PPE), in writing.
Unfortunately, the European Parliament is not showing any sign of that.
What do they want it for?
For years I have been calling for a fee-based system without social security.
Despite not being one of the 27 Member States of the European Union, Norway is a country that maintains close ties with the EU, not least by participating in various cooperation projects.
that was not the case.
Mr President, in these cases of self-immolation, a love of freedom has taken shape, for which there is no higher price: human life, which is unique.
Without international assistance, the voice of the Tibetans is easy to silence.
The High Representative and the EEAS have been tasked with raising the human rights issue at the next EU-China Summit and constantly monitor the human rights situation in China.
She was given 30 seconds to reply to a question just now.
It is difficult not to notice how timid the resolution we are debating today is on this subject, with not the slightest condemnation of this military presence.
The baffling arrest of 66-year-old Ms Nached, who is recovering from cancer and has a heart condition, clearly shows that the suspicious and paranoid security forces fear for their very existence.
Under the Lisbon Treaty, promoting the activities of human right activists and ensuring their protection and security must be seen as a priority in relations between the European Union and third countries and taken into account when formulating the Union’s foreign policy.
Article 24 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union provides for the right to submit a complaint to the European Ombudsman.
I am pleased to note also that, in 2010, 55% of all investigations were either settled by the institution or resulted in a friendly solution.
Silvia-Adriana Ţicău (S&D) .
When the Ombudsman presents its annual report to the Committee on Petitions, representatives of the Commission, the administration, the European Parliament, the Council and other institutions should also be invited to take part in the discussion.
I would not dare to say anything different.
So this is not a lack of transparency;
I look forward to working with it and working with the other institutions, including the Commission.
Am I permitted to be here?
Perhaps the Soviet Union.
We have laid the foundations for this with the six pack, but we must go further with the newly announced legislative proposals to intensify budgetary discipline in the eurozone and also with socio-economic cooperation.
Angelika Werthmann (NI), in writing.
This is an important decision and our most important prize.
I note with regret that this is not the only debate of this session addressing the lack of cooperation and action on the part of the Council.
I wish to draw the Council’s attention to the fact that its failure to apply the emergency mechanism provided for in the codecision procedure, as proposed by Parliament, has already had a major negative impact, given that the EU is facing, particularly this year, wave after wave of refugees following the regime changes in Arab countries.
I voted for this resolution, as it argues that all legal proceedings against senior officials of the current or previous Ukrainian Government must be carried out in accordance with European rules on equity, impartiality, transparency and independence.
The majority of Member States already make little difference between the two groups.
The rapporteur has successfully realised many of the adaptations planned and I would like to congratulate her on this.
I am happy that the UK has opted-out of the revised Directive and therefore I abstained.
However, of course, it is unable to accede in any form at present.
This agreement should replace the 2008 provisional one, which was only applied in 17 Member States, and which established a European legal framework on the conditions for the transfer of data contained in the Passenger Name Record (PNR) by airlines to the Australian customs services.
Ilda Figueiredo (GUE/NGL), in writing.
I am voting for this motion for a resolution, as I believe that the law should be unequivocally reaffirmed in all Member States of the EU, and that, despite the apparent stability of Ukraine in the face of court cases involving senior state officials and even the Prime Minister, a clear signal needs to be given that the country’s legal system is effective and transparent.
We believe it is important to inform the public and raise awareness of the effects of antibiotics and their use, as mentioned in the resolution.
As these points have been vetted by Parliament, I voted for this report.
The abuse and exploitation of children is a very delicate matter that requires the utmost institutional and legislative rigour.
We know that there is a problem of free competition on the railway market, particularly with regard to freight transport.
Secondly, a number of the provisions currently used in the directive require immediate updating.
Evelyn Regner (S&D).
In any case, I would like to say to Ms Vergnaud, who said that mobility is not anecdotal, and to Mr Harbour, that, indeed, it is not anecdotal.
People who met the requirements were not able to vote because they were excluded without any reason from the electoral rolls.
Mr President, elections were held in Bulgaria to choose the country’s president and local government bodies.
We now plan to organise a hearing at the beginning of 2012, possibly with the help of the IMCO Committee.
Therefore, any action plan must factor in extra precautions geared towards meeting the challenges and countering the elements of risk posed by the online environment in terms of the safeguard of minors, player protection, payment security and data protection of individuals engaged in Internet gambling, as well as ensuring that fair competition for operators duly licensed in other Member States is guaranteed in each Member State.
In addition, the European Union will also have to play a significant role in future.
Thirdly, the basis for granting an exclusive right to provide gambling games is the prevention of social harm and combating crime in the gambling sector.
Given the great importance of environmental protection and food safety, which is what is at stake here, it is inappropriate of this House to laugh off the possible consequences.
Last, the extent to which genetically modified, or genetically engineered, crops are harmful or not is also the subject of major controversy.
In particular, higher-volume state or communal procurements for public service companies are frequently the source of a high level of corruption.
I expected you would say something more, and not speak as if you were only a bookkeeper.
Last week, we reshaped the Commission’s rules to give a special role to the new task of Vice-President for Economic and Monetary Affairs.
In addition, the proposed Treaty change will have to be subject to democratic approval in Europe and in the individual Member States.
it needs him to go forth and deliver that, yet there is no mention of it.
the planet and Europe are not that big that we do not know that the president of LAOS, Mr Karatzaferis, who also served as an MEP, has nothing but praise for the military junta which ruled Greece between 1967 and 1974, one of the darkest periods in our country’s history.
It concerns the need to adopt measures for combating worsening poverty and social exclusion.
I hope that the necessary courage is available too.
Otherwise, no changes and no results will be possible.
We should ensure emissions peak by then or earlier, not start deciding what to do after that.
Briefly, could you give a commitment, Commissioner, that you are not going to support a political agreement, but you will stick to a legally binding agreement for Kyoto?
This will allow evaluation of the situation 20 years after the Protocol was negotiated.
I am deeply disappointed that over the last two years, EU climate policy has been more like a dialogue among deaf people than cooperation between parties understanding and capable of accepting each other’s interests.
I hope that it will make out a case to ensure that none of that hot air is brought to the next Kyoto period.
I therefore believe that we need to make progress so that we in Parliament know what is the general opinion on the accounts and underlying transactions.
Of course, this would not apply to Wales, which has an excellent record on spending its EU funds.
A small number of Member States – often the same ones – account for the lion’s share of the problems year after year, which is unacceptable.
The results of that work underlie our conclusions on agriculture.
Well, Ms Sinclaire, I do not consider this to be a point of order.
At the same time, Official Development Aid increases alone will not be sufficient to meet all the financing needs of the developing world, to address the numerous global challenges.
We are very much looking at the result of this peer review.
President.
I am sorry that the Council’s representatives were absent from the Kinshasa meeting in 2010, but I hope that the European External Action Service will successfully strengthen its cooperation with this influential and extremely useful parliamentary body in the coming period, as highlighted by the election monitoring missions and the negotiations on concluding the Economic Partnership Agreements.
Anna Záborská, on behalf of the PPE Group.
They draw up reports, background documents, assessments and recommendations.
Let us start with the negative way, because I always like to end on a high.
Madam President, Commissioner Vassiliou, in acknowledgement of the efforts and cooperation of the European Parliament, the Commission and the Council, as well as the successive Spanish, Belgian and Hungarian Presidencies, I would like to thank you for, and welcome, the EU-wide creation of the European Heritage Label.
Katarína Neveďalová, on behalf of the S&D Group.
There is no need to recount that this label comes at a price, as with anything of importance.
and these numbers must be greater today with the crises that we are currently going through.
The only way to obtain funds for the payment of social benefits, unemployment benefits, assistance with food or social housing is therefore to attempt another form of redistribution within the current possibilities afforded by local, regional and state budgets.
This is why it is very important that there is better coherence between all these policies, which is what we would like to achieve in the next European Semester.
From this point of view, up to the end of 2013, everything is clear.
To be honest, I am not aware of any regions which are already using 100% renewable energy.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Accordingly, EU-based air carriers will be able to operate services between any location in the EU and Jordan, something that was, until now, conditional upon, among other things, the existence of a bilateral agreement between the Member State concerned and Jordan.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
In previous years, when I requested to make an explanation of vote, it was deemed that it could only be called provided the Member had made the request before that report itself came up on the screen, not the initiation of the explanation of votes session.
The Autonomous Community of the Canary Islands, through the government of the Kingdom of Spain, has requested the extension of the current temporary suspension of autonomous Common Customs Tariff duties on imports of a certain number of industrial products into the Canary Islands as a means of keeping the population employed and ensuring the competitiveness of local businesses.
By temporarily suspending autonomous Common Customs Tariff duties on imports to the Canary Islands, the European Union and the islands are hoping to increase the competitiveness of the local economic operators and to stabilise the employment situation.
Every country needs to train specialist experts and researchers in this field and have a body of research, monitoring and control infrastructure, whether or not nuclear is one of its energy choices.
The basic aim is to ensure the continuation of research funded from EU sources in these fields for another two years in accordance with the activities successfully carried out in the 2007-2011 period.
I totally support the report because in it, Parliament calls on the Commission to introduce a ranking of creditors that should give precedence to employees and set minimum standards of protection irrespective of different legal definitions for the categories concerned and substantive national laws.
Silvia-Adriana Ţicău (S&D), in writing.
By going beyond the Commission proposal, Parliament has succeeded, through lengthy negotiations with the Member States, in banning naked credit default swaps on sovereign debt.
I understand the purpose behind what is stated there, but I think it is rather poorly worded.
These relate to using the statistical data on permanent crops as a reliable basis for taking judicious decisions in relation to production and the European market.
Cross-border mobility will contribute to the smoother running of the labour markets, and will encourage economic growth and competitiveness itself in the EU.
Philippe Juvin (PPE), in writing.
This integrated single market can only function effectively if European workers are able to choose which Member State they wish to work in.
Of the 800 regulated qualifications, 43% are in health care systems, while 9% are in the social sector, including education.
This initiative is key to solving a number of problems: ensuring consumer safety, promoting a low carbon economy, preventing food wastage, encouraging recycling, reducing inequalities between consumers, guaranteeing protection as regards financial services and food, and providing more information.
I would also draw attention to the European digital single market where, especially in cross-border transactions, we can still witness significant difficulties and gaps in both e-commerce and also in consumer protection.
Without bees, many crops would fail and in Northern Ireland, we are particularly privileged to have a very good product in the Armagh Bramley apple.
I welcome the Commission’s initiative to launch a programme for protecting consumers.
Furthermore, the European Food Safety Authority is coming under repeated criticism and the wide-ranging authorisations of genetically modified organisms without mandatory labelling run contrary to a whole-hearted commitment to consumer protection on the part of the EU.
It will put huge pressure on finances in terms of health care and infrastructure, etc.
This report follows on from a Green Paper by the European Commission, published in March, and which sought to address an increase in fraud in what is a booming market.
What I would add to that is that gambling is also a source of personal suffering: gambling leads to addiction and debt.
The fact that the EU could previously help to feed the poor by using the intervention stocks was great;
However, I have also been active in highlighting the plight of Europe’s honeybees and the harmful effects posed to them by neonicotinoids, and there has been strong support for this issue among my constituents in the South-East of England.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
I voted against this report because I think that the rapporteur’s approach to State aid for services of general economic interest (SGEI) is inappropriate and contrary to the objective of a competitive internal market.
I voted for the reform of the EU State aid rules on services of general economic interest because they are crucial to the general public and are of paramount importance to the wellbeing of society as a whole.
In the EU, it is up to national, regional and local authorities to determine the services to be offered in the public interest, regarded as particularly important to all citizens, but which would not be provided, or would not be provided adequately, without state intervention.
- according to the Lisbon Treaty, the EU has no competence in the fields of culture and education (referring to paragraph 31);
Mikael Gustafsson (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The burden is often completely out of proportion with the impact of the measure.
There is, of course no mention of this in this report.
I think these are fair ideas and I wished to support them in this vote.
Since, at the moment, the measures taken by the Romanian Government are simply destroying the foundations of the European social model, excluding the fact that it is actually social welfare which has reduced poverty by 38% in the European Union, I think that this platform is needed to help countries like Romania combat poverty and social exclusion.
The whole affair is, unfortunately, continuing along the same path, just like the US public debt situation.
If we cannot find a policy, then there will be the problem also of the failure of the NPT.
Before this Summit, I would like to encourage the High Representative to work more intensively on strengthening the EU-US partnership in foreign policy, especially in the development of democratisation.
Today, as reflected in the resolution, the best guarantee of security is the development of stable, democratic countries and, in this context, cooperation between the United States, the Member States of the European Union and the institutions of the European Union must be ensured.
Iran continues to claim that it wants to develop a nuclear programme for civilian purposes.
President.
The Commission wants to make sure that sound policy initiatives are developed that help deliver the objectives of the Digital Agenda for Europe.
In this case, fun and function emphatically do go hand in hand.
This is not the first debate that we have had on this matter.
Hélène Flautre, author.
When she does speak, it is much more about expressing her satisfaction than addressing the problems.
Its implementation and monitoring will be coordinated by the deputy prime minister, the General Secretariat of the Government and the National Agency for the Roma.
Many law enforcement agencies are totally blind when it comes to the Roma.
It is well known that EU Member States should be submitting their national strategies as part of the framework of the European Roma Strategy for the social inclusion of the Roma by the end of this year.
Our common commitments to respect human dignity, equality, the rule of law and respect for human rights, including the rights of persons belonging to minorities, cannot remain a dead law.
They are counting on our continued help.
The Commission concluded that this situation was neither acceptable nor sustainable.
Therefore, all remaining barriers and market distortions, even those that are tax-related, must continue to be broken down in order to promote cross-border trade and enable a fair distribution of income between the Member States.
I can carry a whole library around on my e-reader.
Fusion is a promising research field that aims to provide a totally new energy source for the future.
I agree with him, so I would like to suggest some positive actions.
In the same way as the European Council does for the Union as a whole, we will also organise a better coordination among the euro area institutions and strengthen the existing administrative support without creating new bodies.
The final say on national budgets will remain where it belongs, with national parliaments.
We need competitiveness.
I am not disappointed with the results provided by the first European semester, however I do believe that they can absolutely be improved upon.
This is a deceptively simple issue, which, in fact, is more difficult on closer inspection.
In fact, it already is in that it dictates the conduct of Member State governments in budgetary matters and also increasingly in other areas such as in social affairs.
They go hand in hand.
They will increase the risks associated with holding sovereign debts, leading to higher interest rates.
The anniversary of the fall of communism in Eastern Europe is also a good opportunity to remind the whole of Europe that socialist economic planning does not work.
The Joint Parliamentary Assembly (JPA) of the African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States (ACP) and the EU is an important forum for debate, discussion and decision making between members of parliaments from both of these regions, and where, under the Cotonou Partnership Agreement, they can strengthen their relations and learn more about their respective situations, as well as promoting the exchange of experiences and the adoption of best practices.
It is, I hope, a new step forward in the development of a genuine European citizenship and in the recognition of a shared history and future.
The added value supplied by this initiative, compared with the UNESCO World Heritage List, for example, comes from the fact that sites will be chosen which have played a key role in the history of the European Union, and not on the basis of beauty or architectural quality.
I believe this to be important both from the point of view of the recording of history and also for the education of young people.
Essentially, keeping well away from the train tracks is good for the health and not for economic policy;
Perhaps a heritage label is what the European Parliament in Strasbourg deserves;
However, I regret that this text overlooks a date for opening up passenger transport on domestic routes to competition: our citizens actually aspire to having a wider range of transport, no longer under the monopoly of a single operator, and which raises the overall quality of the services provided.
Catherine Grèze (Verts/ALE), in writing.
For example, between 1996 and 2008 rail freight’s share decreased by almost 2% to 10.8%, whereas road freight transport increased from 42.1% to 45.9%.
Therefore I agree with the rapporteur that the 2001 railway package is no longer sufficient.
The rules governing it must be reinforced, harmonised and added to to make the train more attractive for passenger and freight transport.
Furthermore, there will be a negative impact on the quality of rail transport services.
At a time when developing and underdeveloped countries are being hit hardest by the impact of climate change and have the fewest resources to adapt, the principle of climate justice must be established to protect the poor population in the most vulnerable states.
In particular, we have emphasised the need to implement the mechanism for reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation (REDD+).
I have voted in favour.
The purpose of this oral question and resolution is to press the Council and the Commission on what action they intend to take following the main findings of the report, including: 1) Promoting good governance in tax matters and fighting illegal financial flows.
It also reiterates its deep concern about the current acquisition of farmland by government-backed foreign investors, particularly in Africa, which is liable to undermine local food security, and urges the Commission to include the issue of land grabbing in its policy dialogue with developing countries so as to make policy coherence the cornerstone of development cooperation at both national and international level and prevent the expropriation of small farmers and unsustainable land and water use.
In 2010 almost 1 billion cinema tickets were sold in the EU, highlighting the huge financial potential offered by European cinema.
In this transition from analogue to digital cinema, operators in both the public and the private sectors in all the Member States should unite at a national as well as an EU level.
In the land of Nîmes, and throughout the Mediterranean, men often came from elsewhere in Europe, marked out roads, built monuments and set up the towns and cities in which are still living today.
There is a need to change policy, with every effort being made to create jobs, not to destroy them with recessive policies, as has happened in several countries, above all in those being targeted by the programmes of the International Monetary Fund and EU, like Portugal and Ireland.
That is why I voted for this report on the mobilisation of EUR 21 644 148 from the EGF for Ireland, with the aim of supporting workers made redundant from 1 560 enterprises operating in Division 43 (‘specialised construction activities’), in the regions of Border, Midlands and Western, and Southern and Eastern.
Abuses committed by the Iranian authorities are harming more and more individuals and organisations and worsening the climate of fear and suspicion.
Mr President, the blogger, Alaa Abd El-Fattah, was accused of calling for resistance against the armed forces during a demonstration.
Sari Essayah, author.
Powers vested in the interim government of Egypt during the state of emergency are used as a tool for detaining bloggers, journalists and human rights activists.
As a product of high nutritional value, fish is today – as always – a fundamental component of the European diet.
Particularly at a time when we are talking about food sustainability and the availability of food, let us move forward.
However, if we are to save our seas, fisheries and coastal communities, a new approach is needed.
The next item is the report by Isabella Lövin, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, on combating illegal fishing at the global level – the role of the EU [2010/2210(INI)] - (A7-0362/2011).
We, the EU, have signed up to a lot of international obligations to eradicate hunger, halt the loss of biodiversity and fight against climate change – and fighting against the very concrete threats to the ocean that international illegal fishing represents is one of the most evident steps that the EU can take to try to achieve all of these objectives.
When approving the report, it is also worth remembering that we should enforce it by joint efforts, not just within the European Commission, but also in all parliamentary committees.
I would like to congratulate Mr Koumoutsakos on the excellent work he has done.
The purpose of the proposal by Parliament is the drafting of the programme within a stable framework for the 2011-2013 period.
In March this year, the Commission came up with a package of legislative proposals on nuclear research and training activities on the European Atomic Energy Community (Euratom) in 2012 and 2013.
To this end, and in order to put joint efforts into overcoming the crisis, the need for closer cooperation between Europe and the US has never been more relevant or necessary.
Rather than falling prey to common weaknesses, the US and the EU need to engage in a transatlantic strategy for jobs and growth, to invest in sustainable infrastructure, while strengthening upstream regulatory cooperation to prevent needless obstacles to business across the Atlantic.
All kinds of pressure, direct and indirect, are being applied to generalise and eternalise this interference on the pretext, so many times, of so-called ‘fiscal harmonisation’, of which so much is said even as the core questions are pushed aside: namely, harmonised by whom, in what way and in whose interests?
I believe that the EU must be ambitious and go beyond merely remedying the inconsistencies of the current legal framework.
I welcome this resolution because the digital market is very important and vital for modern business and EU citizens.
In itself, an association agreement could bring advantages, since it has the scope to consider regulatory aspects of the neighbouring country and therefore bring about changes to its legislation such that the risk of social and economic dumping to the detriment of European enterprises would be reduced.
Secondly, the possibility that the association agreement could smooth the way for negotiations on visa liberalisation is of some concern.
Mitro Repo (S&D).
At stake are access to major resources in the whole region and guaranteed energy supplies, which is why it is important to conclude this agreement.
I believe that, in the final analysis, integrating it into these policies will help to change the character of the institution for the better, in keeping with society’s aspirations.
This problem is especially acute in relation to working and social rights, an area in which unfortunately there have been clear and worrying reversals, which must be vigorously challenged, because, in many cases, they constitute a real retreat from the principles of our civilisation.
Illegal fishing undermines efforts to conserve and manage fish stocks in all capture fisheries.
I voted for the amendment which urges the Commission to continue its efforts to promote the exchange of information in order to integrate maritime surveillance and, in particular, information aimed at harmonising coastguard services at European level.
Mara Bizzotto (EFD), in writing.
Nikolaos Chountis (GUE/NGL), in writing.
However, on balance, I consider it undeniable that the role of the ICC in combating genocide and other crimes against humanity, and in asserting international criminal law, has been a positive one.
I am pleased with the financial and logistical support provided to the ICC thus far by the European Union and the individual Member States.
The next item, something which is very important for us all, is the preparations for the European Council meeting to be held on 8-9 December 2011.
The European Financial Stability Facility, the successive constraints to strengthen the Stability and Growth Fund, the troika’s measures in countries covered by bailout programmes, and the blind discipline without growth have created a wave of recession between economies that are totally interlinked, which have, therefore, contaminated each other with bankruptcies and unemployment.
First, the problem we are facing is excessive debt and the macroeconomic imbalance of some eurozone Member States and some candidates.
Theodor Dumitru Stolojan (PPE) .
That is a necessary, even if not sufficient, condition of overcoming the crisis.
Now I also want to reiterate what Commissioner Rehn stressed: that we believe very strongly that solutions must be found in full unity in the circle of twenty-seven;
President.
Is it a ‘lender of last resort’ or not?
Combating corruption, judicial reform, the prosecution of war criminals by the Croatian justice system and the protection of minorities must remain high on the reform agenda.
During a phase of pessimism, which we have just been discussing, and even sometimes of defeatism, it is important to show that we believe in Europe.
Of this everyone must be aware, including politicians not only in Croatia but also in the region, whose reckless statements so often upset the delicate balance achieved.
I also heard your encouragement to Croatia to continue its preparation for membership.
I very much hope that the Croatian debate ahead of the referendum will be a debate based on the facts, and that there will be a campaign, discussions and debate based on real issues.
Considering Croatia’s eight-year path since first submitting its application for accession, the Commission’s monitoring of its progress in meeting the requirements and its subsequent approval, it is fitting that Croatia will be prepared to assume accession in 2013.
Olli Rehn, Vice-President of the Commission.
It is very important to see this European semester as an instrument to create what is needed for long-term economic growth and also, in the short-term, greater economic stability.
The European semester is not an instrument intended to provide a stopgap solution to the problems of the present crisis.
In this regard, the Committee on Regional Development is grateful to the rapporteur for including our proposals, because we now need to tackle the root of the problem and eliminate the causes of the imbalances.
One human right cannot be given priority over another and the recent experiences of our relations with the Mubarak, Ben Ali and Gaddafi regimes or present-day Saudi Arabia or Morocco prove that we have a track record of giving certain human rights priority over others.
I agree with many of you who said that even now we need protection to be provided to those defending human rights.
This is particularly important and relevant if we wish to talk to third countries in the world about democracy and human rights.
It is our duty to defend this institution against intrusion from whatever source.
The compromise text addresses Parliament’s request for more clarity on the financial allocations in broad terms.
This must become a permanent institution and be made into a European Union tradition, the driving force of the single market.
I would say it was the kind of event which inspires all those – I am thinking of the Single Market Forum in Krakow – who are working hard for barriers in the single market to be removed effectively, to continue the process of making the European Union more friendly to the citizens.
At a time when the number of people infected with HIV has risen both in Europe (2.2 million people according to the 2009 data) and globally (34 million people infected with HIV, marking a 17% rise on the level a decade ago), it is time for the European executive to conduct a major analysis of its own action strategy for preventing the number of people affected by this disease from increasing.
Vladko Todorov Panayotov (ALDE), in writing.
I therefore hope that all Members of this House will abstain from ideological consideration and will support the resolution as a whole.
Mandela was obviously referring to the fact that young people and people in general could protect themselves from HIV.
Is it from old age pensioners in Yorkshire – my constituency – on GBP 100 per week?
Every country is responsible for its own fiscal situation.
Even Germany is struggling to obtain funds.
The European Parliament has contributed decisively to that progress, and the ECB commends its work.
As I said before, I do believe that countries are nowadays on track.
some of you said the ECB should do less.
We passed the ‘six-pack’ on economic governance two plenary sessions ago.
In this budget, however, spending on security and military research is increased, the European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union (Frontex) is strengthened, funding for big multinationals is increased, and export subsidies that are ruinous for developing countries are retained.
Funds are given to the Commission which fails to properly control their use, and yet it always comes back to us for more.
Eider Gardiazábal Rubial (S&D).
You are incapable of seeing beyond it.
Now the budget is increasing by just under 2%, which is a reasonable figure in the economic situation in which we find ourselves right now.
Monika Flašíková Beňová (S&D), in writing.
I support the assistance this report will provide, to mobilise a total amount of EUR 1 518 465 from the European Globalisation Fund for the retraining of redundant workers in the Portuguese manufacturing sector.
Today’s vote provides another powerful and concrete example of legal basis.
Overall, the granting of repayable funds and the setting up of a special credit line for individual beneficiaries to use both seem to be moving towards an expansion of the range of funding possibilities, which is all the more important at a time of serious financial difficulty for many Member States.
Vito Bonsignore (PPE), in writing.
I welcome the European Commission proposal to use cohesion policy to provide additional financial assistance for the Member States currently facing serious difficulties handling their deficit, as is the case with my country.
We admit that.
Brice Hortefeux (PPE), in writing.
The Commission has assessed it in light of the scale of the handicaps affecting the Canary Islands.
However, I believe that this should not affect trade with other outermost regions, but should, as its origins suggest, encourage the competitiveness of regions that have specific difficulties, and therefore require special measures.
While speculators have been focusing on the sovereign debt of the Member States, making the funding that they need subject to loan sharks, the ECB has been financing the banks at interest rates that are several times lower than those at which they previously charged the Member States.
With the troika, the ECB pushed to impose the austerity measures that are driving people into poverty.
I welcome the European Central Bank (ECB) Annual Report for 2010.
It is absolutely right that we have a holistic approach.
It is also very important for Member States to use a variety of means to continually extend educational options, take steps to innovate and diversify the national curriculum.
Particular attention to young people with social integration and disability issues should consequently have led to a request for a financial commitment on the part of Member States in order to improve dedicated structures.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
However, I am totally against the position taken by the Council on this issue, and its refusal to acknowledge any of Parliament’s powers.
Patrice Tirolien (S&D), in writing.
At a time when most of the world’s economic growth takes place in developing countries, the EU needs to invest in political diplomacy, promote economic partnerships and foster business cooperation with emerging markets in order to protect European interests.
Alfredo Pallone (PPE), in writing.
Poland and the Russian Federation put forward an amendment to the regulation in light of the special circumstances in the Kaliningrad region.
The small province of Kaliningrad, in the Russian Federation, is fully surrounded by two Member States, and since EU enlargement in 2004, has been the only enclave in the EU, so it should be classified as a local border traffic area under the SBC.
The country has successfully met the required criteria to become a fully-fledged Member State.
I would also highlight the need for the Commission to keep Parliament regularly informed about the extent to which the Croatian authorities are honouring their commitments, so that they can take on all their obligations as a Member State when the country joins the EU on 1 July 2013.
The rhetoric of sacrosanct free competition and ‘social market economy’, a euphemistic expression for the capitalist economy is, in fact, increasingly antisocial, as experience strongly bears out.
That is why I abstained from voting on this report.
Croatia must continue the economic structural reforms, stimulate employment by revitalising the labour market and continue with fiscal consolidation to stimulate competitiveness.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Finally, it is vital that the Treaties be revised only with the agreement and, where necessary, the involvement, of Parliament.
The public procurement sector needs to be professionalised, and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) need to step up their involvement in the award of public contracts.
It calls on the European Union to develop, as quickly as possible, measures to combat this scourge, which affects every single one of our populations.
I would stress that Parliament’s priorities regarding promotion of economic growth and young people were considered.
I voted against the resolution on the EU global response to HIV/AIDS because this resolution does not only contain provisions on the priorities of health care and improving living conditions and the treatment of people infected with the virus, which I support.
In my constituency of London, Chelsea and Westminster Hospital has made appropriate interventions to reduce the rate of mother-to-child HIV transmission to just 1%.
Equally important is the will, expressed by the European Parliament, to combat the stigmatisation of people living with HIV/AIDS.
The sentencing on 11 October 2011 of Ukraine’s former prime minister to seven years in prison and the trials of other ministers have raised serious concerns in the EU and are widely seen as an act of revenge.
The budget, which includes payments to the value of EUR 129 billion and commitments to the value of EUR 147 billion, aims to reduce operational costs in tandem with encouraging growth and competitiveness.
In Romania, one of the reform’s main objectives was to root out corruption in the customs service.
I agree that it may be necessary to create a European Customs Agency in order to bring this about.
I welcome the huge support for the 2012 EU budget, following the agreement reached with the Council of the European Union in the Conciliation Committee.
In favour.
This change is intended to ensure that all the debates in which Baroness Ashton will be participating are grouped together, which means that, in line with the decision taken by the political groups, the David and Siwiec report will be discussed at the end of the afternoon’s sitting.
The second point I should clarify is that the Commission does indeed care about the rights of the people.
One last remark, on the COREPER meeting today.
António Fernando Correia De Campos (S&D), in writing.
We need to put right past mistakes;
I would like to know how we in Europe are supposed to improve our global reputation when we demonstrate that we are lacking in unity and unable to agree in the context of a large international project.
After all, the institution of family is sacred and inviolable.
Marc Tarabella (S&D).
This should be directed not only at potential victims, but also at all the authorities that will be called upon to implement this instrument.
Additional information may be requested.
fortunately, we had them alongside us, which cannot always be said of Mr Cercas as we have not seen much of him lately in the trialogue.
I thought at the outset that the proposal tabled by the Commission was very good.
I have asked the Commission if it is satisfied with the criteria and the methodology used for testing such claims because I know that prunes contain two substances, sorbitol and dihydrophenylisatin, which have laxative effects.
In my opinion, it is excellent and should not just be used as an emergency measure, because our finances are so stretched, but because it will genuinely bring us closer together.
Even more alarming is the way the money is being used.
Kristiina Ojuland (ALDE).
High Representative, in your visits, you should make a point of always meeting human rights’ defenders, particularly of women’s rights, and ensure that human rights are a mandatory topic for EU delegations and all in the European External Action Service.
so that we respond to election violations in Russia as we do to violations in Kyrgyzstan, where I had the honour to lead the mission, in Belarus and in Ukraine.
You said that, Baroness Ashton.
We must continue to work together with the Arab League and Turkey.
I, too, wish to support the same call.
We must thank you, Baroness Ashton and your teams for your extremely active efforts throughout the year and for managing to present a reviewed neighbourhood policy which provides a much more effective response to the challenges which we have faced this year.
This is equally valid in both the east and the south.
We require targeted intervention here which also supplements the impact of the cohesion policy with the effects produced by the measures and financial support granted to the European Union’s neighbouring regions.
We will no longer focus on short-term stability at the expense of the best interests of the citizens, of their dignity, of constantly defending them and of their individual and collective freedom, with a particular focus on women’s and children’s rights.
Mariya Nedelcheva (PPE).
This is a very important condition for small and medium-sized enterprises as they are far more sensitive to any legislative amendment.
Then we also have another issue relating to how the product is labelled, in other words, what is said about the product.
Again, my congratulations on the excellent results of this work.
Their business can ultimately be placed under state supervision or they can be nationalised.
Martin Schulz (S&D), Blue-card question.
Decisions will now be taken by reinforced qualified majority.
We are putting the blame on others.
Glenis Willmott (S&D).
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
Due to the lack of political will, the message conveyed by the Council was not persuasive enough.
This report provides for the mobilisation of the European Union Solidarity Fund (EUSF) for Spain and Italy.
I am pleased that today’s vote has finally given the green light to the mobilisation of approximately EUR 17 million for the damage caused by the flooding in the Veneto region in autumn 2010.
The torrential rains of last winter caused almost EUR 4 billion worth of damage to the region of Veneto.
The sheer wave of antagonism – it was like being on the receiving end of the Minute’s Hate in Orwell’s 1984, only this time the target is not the agents of Goldsteinism, but the British people as a whole.
Significant use has been made of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) to reduce the impact of globalisation and the consequences of the current financial crisis for the European economy, helping workers who have been made redundant and who are seeking to obtain their reintegration into the labour market.
This is the twenty-third application to be examined under the 2011 budget and refers to the mobilisation of a total amount of EUR 3 918 850 from the EGF for Italy.
Madam President, even if this seems to be a marginal problem at first sight, it represents another step in the right direction.
In view of this, the right time to monitor the aptitude of members of the Court of Auditors to carry out their roles is at the time of their appointment.
The European Protection Order is a document obliging law enforcement authorities throughout the European Union Member States to cooperate in future in protecting victims or potential victims of crime.
I am pleased that a political agreement has been reached and that this second reading can thus be concluded.
I think Angela Merkel is right, but she has been isolated on this because she wants to avoid the nightmare scenario, quite rightly, of a return to the Weimar Republic.
Member States will have three years to transpose this directive into national law.
In the coming years, Europe will increasingly need to receive new economic migrants, which will enable it to tackle the demographic changes.
When letting third-country workers, particularly qualified specialists, into the European Union, we must enable them to obtain a permit and to find employment.
I am pleased that this has also been approved by the Council.
There will no longer be workers, but European and non-European employees, not to mention illegal immigrant workers.
Even worse, this text establishes a link between residence permits and work permits and bases the first, above all, on the duration of the second.
This is an important EU initiative aimed at simplification, which has contributed to more harmonised regulations for fisheries in the Mediterranean.
That is why there are problematic issues concerning both food and the environment in this same area and, ultimately, given the extreme mobility of fish stocks, abusive conduct by one party in a given area can harm the fish stocks of other Member States.
Italy also recently filled the role of Chair of the Scientific Committee.
Furthermore, I should like to draw your attention to several management mistakes that have been made in the past.
The aim of this report on the annual accounts as regards micro-entities is to permit Member States to exempt micro-entities from the general publication requirement, provided that balance sheet information is duly filed, in accordance with national law, with at least one designated competent authority, and that the information is transmitted to the business register.
I voted for this report for those reasons.
We Swedish Social Democrats have today voted in favour of the report on an amendment of the long-term budget for the financing of ITER.
This will therefore enable programmed funds to be made available for the rural economy and contribute to an overall economic recovery in these Member States.
Despite the controversy surrounding this project, in general terms, we believe it is important that research in the field of energy be able to continue, so as to overcome the risks and limitations of the forms of energy currently available.
other than duties, these are trade restricting measures that limit imports.
However, as the French President rightly pointed out only last week in Marseille, we cannot impose quality standards on our producers and industries if these are not then met by the products that we import.
Hence, the Commission should act proactively to remove or at the very least reduce the restrictive impact of NTBs on the capacity of European businesses to access foreign markets.
In contrast, the residual products of nuclear fusion are far less radioactive.
Nuclear fission gives rise to long-lasting, highly toxic, radioactive substances that represent a permanent danger to people and the environment.
However, to take just one example, it is worth noting that over 82% of the orange juice consumed in Europe comes mainly from Brazil and the United States.
The chemicals used in dishwasher detergents are very different to the laundry detergents.
Given the long life cycle these substances have, measures are needed to mitigate their adverse impact on the water table and marine life.
This measure, which will be extended to dishwasher detergents, will apply from January 2013.
Therefore, the pollution will continue with or without those detergents.
Finally, the report evaluating the agreement states that it has not contributed effectively to the development of the fisheries sector and that it does not meet the specific needs of Morocco, either technically or financially.
Any economic activity related to natural resources should be carried out for the benefit of all of the people of such territories.
The Commission has since conducted negotiations with Morocco in order to renew this FPA by a single initial protocol, which was expiring, and to extend it by one year.
Monika Flašíková Beňová (S&D), in writing.
It is important that this situation does not lead to Europe lacking the ability to act on the international stage, particularly in pursuit of its peacekeeping missions.
This is just one of the reasons why I voted against the Lisek report.
I think that its role and its Community character take on particular importance at this time of crisis, when various cuts are being made to budgets in order to make savings.
The registration of candidates in next year’s presidential elections is currently in progress.
Maria Da Graça Carvalho (PPE), in writing.
Issues such as energy problems, terrorism, Afghanistan and Iran, corruption, respect for human rights and the establishment of democracy must assume a prominent position at this summit.
As such, challenges on an international level, in particular, with regard to Syria and Iran, cannot be solved without a coordinated approach.
calls for an immediate and full investigation of all reports of fraud and intimidation, and penalties for those found responsible, and hopes that President Medvedev’s order to investigate this proves substantial and transparent.
The European Union wants to develop a strategic partnership with a safe and stable country that respects fundamental rights and freedoms and the sovereignty of its neighbours.
Charalampos Angourakis (GUE/NGL), in writing.
I voted for the review of European Neighbourhood Policy, the principal objectives of which are the consolidation of security, democratic stability and wellbeing in the countries bordering the EU.
Conversely, it also seeks to enrich the common heritage with elements offered by the different traditions of neighbouring countries.
All in all, the publication of the secret service data examined by the report would fundamentally endanger European security.
The first amendment involves Iceland and Montenegro being moved from the list of potential candidate countries to that of candidate countries.
The purpose of these amendments is to clarify the rules for accessing subsidy agreements financed under the umbrella of the cross-border component, and to ensure compatibility with other external aid instruments, particularly the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument.
In the past, there have been frequent occurrences of irregularities.
Attention is drawn to the fact that the degree of alignment of Iceland with EU legislation through the European Economic Area Agreement and its level of economic and social development make it an exception among candidate countries.
The purpose of this Commission proposal is to amend Article 19 of Regulation (EC) No 1085/2006, of the Council, creating an Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance.
In favour.
By way of example, almost 80% of the orange juice consumed in the European Union comes from the United States and Brazil.
For this reason, I agree with the correction to Article 7a paragraph 1a such that the period for the Commission’s delegated powers is amended from ‘an unfixed period’ to five years.
The subject deserves it and our citizens are entitled to expect a clear and well-functioning legislation on public access to our documents.
Let us hope that we can take a few small steps forward, and that, in future talks, there will be an emphasis on transparency and a public approach to issues, and that we will find consensus.
The amendment to the regulation introduces the obligation for every administrative unit to appoint one employee responsible for providing information at the request of citizens.
A truck goes from Tallinn to Lisbon without any barriers.
I congratulate the rapporteur, who, in just three months, has succeeded in compiling an important document mapping out directions for the near future.
This is not only a major disappointment, but a fatal error in terms of European integration.
I also welcome the fact that improving road safety is considered an important aspect here.
I would like to thank the rapporteur once again for being so ready to compromise.
Mr President, the effort to create a single European transport area is an important ambition, but it is running into the differences between laws in the area of transport.
If we do not have Europe-wide answers to these questions, then we will probably be the cause of a lot of disappointment for business, for citizens and Member States everywhere.
Ladies and gentlemen, I support this report because in general, it will contribute to the reduction of our dependence on energy imports in the transport sector.
I now go on to the second point.
Csanád Szegedi (NI).
Roberta Angelilli (PPE), Blue-card answer.
The European Arrest Warrant Framework Decision requires the surrender of persons between Member States both in pre-trial and post-trial situations.
As I have also said, we in this Parliament have failed to have this dialogue with the Uzbek representatives.
Families are threatened with the loss of electricity, or loss of social security.
They face really horrific conditions – 10-hour working days, exposure to harmful pesticides – and risk physical harm or expulsion from school if they refuse to do it.
I find it bizarre that we are having a discussion here in the European Parliament about the Blue Card and the Seasonal Workers Directive, while we still have restrictions in the internal labour market, at a time when we are talking about strengthening the internal market.
Kristian Vigenin (S&D).
Governments must read carefully your last report of 11 November, where the data speaks for itself – there are no grounds for continuing the restrictions.
In the economic field, there is the matter of energy and the Nabucco pipeline.
It can be said quite simply that routine work has progressed with good results.
As time went on, it became apparent that this was a little less possible than had been expected.
I do not think you two gentlemen can hear it, as if you have come here from another planet, the planet of Poland’s Law and Justice Party, or, in Mr Kurski’s case, from the now not Law and Justice planet.
The European Community has not seen the kind of development that we imagined for some years now, and the intergovernmental approach – as President Barroso clearly explained yesterday – paralyses the momentum which EU law would otherwise have achieved over the past few years.
At the same time, it is also important to see what this Presidency of the Council will leave to the next Presidencies.
I want once again to reiterate that the Commission, Commissioner Lewandowski and I will give this file the highest priority.
Incidentally, this is not only happening in Europe, at European level, but also at national level.
I have heard words of praise from many quarters for the Polish Presidency which has been characterised by professionalism and enthusiasm.
Retirement reform has been through that.
Any data or content connected in any way with the policies, measures and decisions of all bodies and institutions of the EU is defined as a document.
Parliament’s resolution of 7 October 2010 said EMSA’s mandate ‘should be extended from vessels to offshore installations’ and calls ‘for the conferral of any such new tasks to be reflected in the EMSA’s budget and staff numbers’.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973, which freed the people of Libya, was epoch-making.
In my country, the Transylvania motorway project, worth EUR 2.2 billion, will establish a link between the markets of Europe and Central Asia.
I note the emphasis that has been placed on continuing to develop railway transport in Member States.
I should like to point out one of the vital roles of transport networks: proper and sustainable spatial planning.
Overcrowding and suicide are too often the case in Europe’s prison facilities.
Therefore, the necessary approximation of the rights of suspects and accused persons and of procedural rights in criminal proceedings, which is crucial to ensuring mutual trust between Member States in the area of freedom, security and justice, does not exhaust the Union’s goal.
I support the result of today’s vote because we have succeeded in ensuring that agreement only depends on one single main precondition (the admission of an observer mission from the International Labour Organization).
Elisabeth Köstinger (PPE), in writing.
As such, I am voting for this draft interim report on textiles protocol, and I await the Commission opening dialogue with the authorities, taking human rights into account in the common commercial policy.
Member States should abolish all barriers by the end of this year, as nothing justifies them economically.
The EU rapporteur’s view is that there should be a thorough reassessment of the EU’s strategy and that steps should be taken to strengthen its engagement, concentrating on those objectives and measures which will contribute most to meeting the most pressing challenges, which she considers to be human rights and the rule of law, water and energy, and regional security.
Although tangible progress has been made, the limitations of the European strategy vis-à-vis Central Europe are now obvious.
I do not agree with these parts of the report, which pays attention to classes of people no more vulnerable than millions of European citizens who, in the current crisis, are in serious difficulties from an employment, social and economic point of view.
This is an area where we have seen a steady deterioration in the situation of workers, no matter what their profession.
However, this also requires efforts from Member States to ensure compliance with accident prevention policies, especially in the case of part-time work programmes for which women are preferred.
Naturally, I agree with the need to protect workers from all risks to their health and safety at work.
The report also deals with work-related stress, which is a major problem for many people, especially with the increasing number of people being made redundant as a result of the economic crisis.
Zigmantas Balčytis (S&D), in writing.
Anne Delvaux (PPE), in writing.
However, Islamic influence is fairly intense due to the radical Iranian regime in Azerbaijan’s neighbourhood.
However, I find it outrageous that the situation of women in Afghanistan is still almost unchanged 10 years after the signature of the Bonn Agreement on creating the transitional government under the presidency of Hamid Karzai.
Mr President, Zakaria witnessed acts of violence committed by the police against 13 young Moroccans at Tunis airport on 13 November.
We in the European Union will be making a broad offer of support to the Tunisians in our EU-Tunisia Action Plan, and it is in this context that we should allow plenty of room for a reform of the security sector.
I wish you a safe journey home.
We can only encourage applications under the original trade globalisation criteria, and this is what the Commission can do under the present circumstances.
As regards the review aimed at extending the ‘crisis’ criterion, the fact that some Member States decided to block it in Council is surprising, striking, indicative of a lack of solidarity, and worrying, when we consider that the review of the post-2013 fund is on the table.
Unfortunately, it seems I was talking about atomic power plant construction all in vain;
We must not forget our achievements thus far, but we must also face the new challenges created by a global market in which our closest competitors are China and the US.
Thus, we have three major focuses in the area of competition policy in the European Commission this year.
I did everything in order not to disappoint your trust.
I knew that I could count on you, no matter what our views were.
When I travelled from Baku to Yerevan, from Tbilisi to Chisinau, I tried to explain that sitting and negotiating at the same table gives hope for lasting peace.
Women’s rights are simply human rights.
For this reason I call for a greater involvement of the European Parliament in this discussion and the decision-making process.
As parliamentarians, we have an obligation to engage Europeans in our joint undertakings and to be the link to the European institutions.
This is no easy matter.
I refer to banks, telecommunications and energy companies, hypermarkets.
If you have a two-thirds majority in a country, you must be aware that you have to be very sensitive in how you deal with such matters, and not put all your friends ...
Mr President, the Hungarian Parliament has adopted a constitution and a large number of new laws in record time.
I am convinced that this is as it should be.
Europe is about dialogue, and this is an opportunity for dialogue, even if Mr Orbán stated that he will only bow to power, and not to arguments.
At a time when elsewhere in Europe we are raising the retirement age, Mr Orbán’s government intends to reduce the retirement age for judges – an initiative that critics regard as an attempt to tailor the composition of the Constitutional Court.
They were imprisoned.
It is a fact that over the past two years there has been a reform in my country of such a magnitude that it should have been undertaken already at the time of Hungary’s democratic transition.
A series of laws have been adopted, targeting the whole judicial system and the independence of the central bank.
I think that instead of beating our head against a wall, we should revise our climate policy so that its costs are distributed more equitably.
Angelika Werthmann (NI).
Romana Jordan Cizelj (PPE).
That was the big step forward in Durban, namely that all countries in the end agreed that in the future they would somehow have to be legally bound and that we would be equally legally bound.
I can say today that the Commission can accept the text negotiated between the institutions and will do its best to ensure smooth and full implementation after adoption by Parliament and the Council.
For the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, it is essential to reinforce the substitution of highly dangerous active substances by strengthening the exclusion criteria but also by limiting the derogations and introducing national guarantees for the adjustment of the conditions of use of product authorisations.
So the answer for growth lies in our enterprises, including our small and medium-sized companies.
Ildikó Gáll-Pelcz (PPE).
We therefore find ourselves in a very difficult situation – and mine is not empty rhetoric – as we are facing a halt in the EU development process.
They describe the lack of political courage and unity in Europe as the main problems at the moment.
Young people all across Europe are expecting that from us.
Therefore the President of the European Council and I have agreed not to forget the issue of growth and employment.
This is what we want to do.
Being overly concerned with austerity measures, Member State governments have forgotten their obligations to their citizens.
Still it did not work.
To date, the UNECE has adopted 126 regulations and the EU has acceded to 106.
They allow a third country to reject, withdraw or suspend the permissions or authorisations of an air carrier that has been designated by a Member State but that is not substantially owned and effectively controlled by that Member State or its nationals.
The European Commission has negotiated an agreement in which certain clauses in the 19 bilateral air services agreements between EU Member States and Indonesia are replaced.
The purpose of concluding this agreement is to bring an end to these bilateral agreements and establish a single one governing relations on certain aspects of air services with Indonesia.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
Monika Flašíková Beňová (S&D), in writing.
The EU had a duty to fill the regulatory gaps that were preventing this waste from being properly managed, as regards collection, recovery, recycling and combating its illegal export.
Member States will be able to make an exception only when absolutely necessary.
José Manuel Fernandes (PPE), in writing.
Finally, it focuses on small and medium-sized holdings, including family units, and the need for them to earn a decent wage, to produce quantitatively and qualitatively adequate food at affordable prices to consumers, to create jobs, to promote rural development and to safeguard the protection and sustainability of the environment.
It is very important for farmers to be paid fair and profitable prices for agricultural production and for maximum profit margins to be set for large supermarkets.
Anneli Jäätteenmäki (ALDE).
As GMES is an essential tool in combating climate change and environmental degradation, we recommend funding for GMES in the multiannual financial framework 2014-2020.
Exchanging best practices at European and national level, as suggested by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, the proposed awareness-raising campaigns in schools, and the possible choice of 2013 as the European Year against Food Waste, may well also contribute to hitting the targets that we have set ourselves.
This report identifies the causes of the wastage and points the finger at lots of failings, such as wastage at the final stages of the food chain in the industrialised countries resulting from an overabundance of food produced.
Diogo Feio (PPE), in writing.
They should be reluctant to regulate markets – that is usually heavy-handed and rarely effective – but they should offer encouragement and support to the industry by indicating best practice on all sides.
Moreover, rising food costs do not seem to result in higher farm gate prices and this has to be looked at for the benefit of both the consumer and the farmer.
What has been lacking in the Commission and the Member States is a genuine political will to implement solutions.
And to Mr Agnew, who finds this debate so important that he has already left the room, and all his colleagues from the British Conservative Party, who put the interests of the City of London, with its warped financial products, above the producers of their daily bread, I will tell you how the market really works.
Next, to respond to your question on the need to move forward with an appropriate analysis of food prices in the EU, with a view to monitoring compliance with transparency, I would like to remind you of the important work done by Eurostat, the Commission’s statistical service, on the European food prices monitoring tool.
Ever increasing production and agricultural input costs in conjunction with only marginally increasing farm gate prices have resulted in a drop in income for farmers.
The European Innovation Partnership for agricultural productivity and sustainability and awards for innovative local cooperation in rural areas will help to promote innovative measures throughout the food supply chain.
The achievement of this ambitious goal is, in large part, due to the impetus provided by Article 189 of the Treaty of Lisbon, which clearly and unequivocally gives the European Union responsibility for coordinating and consolidating national space policies and programmes through a joint approach in order to promote scientific and technical progress and industrial competitiveness.
At a time like the present, when there is a deep economic crisis, it seems more vital than ever for the EU to provide economic support to the space industry with a view to maintaining our continent’s competitiveness within an increasingly competitive global system.
(The President cut off the speaker)
The vote will take place today at 12.00.
We can no longer permit ourselves to underestimate it.
The issue of whether this should be focused within the organisation of social expenditure or should go back to the management and use of the Agriculture Directorate-General’s sector has remained unresolved.
President.
In accordance with Rule 123, it will be forwarded to its addressees and published in the Texts Adopted of the current sitting together with the names of the signatories.
They are suffering.
It is so simple and so effective.
You have found the right words and the appropriate tone to ensure that we in the European Union are heard, as Mr Barroso has said.
Therefore there is this economic aspect and this social aspect and of course, as I have just mentioned, there is what can be done at EU level and what can be done at Member State level.
There is nothing that resembles a real solution to the crisis, which is becoming ever more severe.
Social struggle, which is building throughout Europe, is the surest way of avoiding this path, and of paving the way for hope and confidence in a better future.
Véronique Mathieu (PPE), in writing.
It is a major instrument for growth in Europe, but, for more than a year now, its introduction – which is so needed – has been blocked.
It was supposed to make Europe the most dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world by 2010.
I will then allow the opportunity – if it is so desired – for a supplementary question, which will be limited to 30 seconds, as will the answer.
The President of the Republic of Ecuador has brought criminal proceedings against the journalist, the newspaper and its owners because of the opinion that was expressed.
This is now happening in the next two weeks.
In Iraq our European Union delegation is housed with the British, who are leaving Iraq.
The purpose of sanctions is to create a strong economic action in order, as I have indicated, to succeed in bringing Iran to the negotiation table.
Sajjad Karim (ECR).
I said transatlantic – front behind you in 2012.
In addition, there is an increasingly aggressive economic war being waged with the intention of destabilising the country.
However, we should be thinking already about making the carrot more visible.
However, we must ask ourselves whether or not a general sanction on Iranian oil will give the expected results.
I firmly believe that if we try to lead these diplomatic negotiations into other areas, and if we can show convincingly that we are interested in a proper partnership even with countries like Iran - not just with the regime, but with the country as such – then we will also succeed in monitoring the nuclear regime in Iran.
I keep in close contact with Foreign Minister Davutoğlu on this issue.
Mr President, Russia’s accession to the WTO, at the end of 18 years of negotiations, opens a new perspective on international trade relations.
Ria Oomen-Ruijten, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Kristiina Ojuland (ALDE).
That is why I would recommend an intensification of bilateral relations without artificially pushing these countries towards greater cohesion.
The Committee on Development also asked the Commission to define specific areas of cooperation with the BRICS countries in the field of development policy, for instance cooperation in the health sector, including access to basic healthcare services and infrastructure, the fight against AIDS and other matters.
Nessa Childers (S&D).
I call on the Commission to do everything possible within the framework of the Treaty of Lisbon to develop and support sport for people with disabilities.
Major sporting events such as the Olympic Games or the European Football Championships attract millions of spectators and have a considerable impact economically and in terms of jobs.
There are 35 million amateurs involved in sporting organisations in Europe.
I firmly believe that it is our common interest to continue having a strong and reliable partner in Hungary, respecting the values that unite us.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
Olle Schmidt, rapporteur.
Mr President, the current economic and financial crisis has led to a significant rise in public debt in Europe and, in this context, the automatic stabilisers of the welfare state become more relevant than ever.
The Commission and Member States must continue their cooperation against double taxation, tax fraud and tax evasion in order to increase transparency and reduce loopholes and uncertainties for businesses and citizens with regard to tax collection.
The next item is the report by Martin Ehrenhauser, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on the budgetary control of EU humanitarian aid managed by ECHO (2011/2073(INI)) (A7-0444/2011).
Secondly, the narrative reports sent to the Commission in respect of implementation are worded very vaguely, in my view, where results are concerned.
Andrea Češková (ECR).
the importance of the EU-India strategic partnership;
Cooperation between the EU and the BRICS countries is, in my opinion, the key to safeguarding our leadership.
This is hypocritical.
This report aims primarily to promote fiscal competition among the Member States.
In particular, it might be worthwhile considering a period of cooperation between emergency bodies and development bodies by implementing some form of transfer of deliveries.
I am particularly concerned about the abuse of these class actions.
All recent studies show that excessive consumption of sugar is extremely harmful for the health.
In favour.
The issue is precisely how the industry is allowed to communicate this information to consumers, or, in other words, the methodology behind the health claim.
I am not opposed to financial discipline in Europe: indeed, I want to have a debate on accountability, growth and jobs.
I abstained from voting on this report.
We will not agree to this attack on the Iranian people.
Sport plays an important role in society and helps to strengthen social well-being because it boosts employment and integration and contributes to society and social development.
As the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, we pushed for the following points: the adoption of sport as a compulsory subject in school curricula, the need to encourage women and girls from disadvantaged backgrounds to take up sport, focusing on sport as a driver of social integration and as a tool with which to combat intolerance, racism and violence, increasing the protection of minors in competitive sport, combating doping, the use of the European flag at all official sports events, the establishment of a European Day of Sports and the extension of the Erasmus programme to sports.
Mário David (PPE), in writing.
Special training courses for outstanding sportspeople who wish to pursue studies in higher education are indispensable.
for example: combating doping, violence and intolerance, the free movement of the public and sportsmen and women switching nationality, the legality of player transfers and the transparency of the associated transfers, European social dialogue in the sector, and the integrity of competitions.
Derek Vaughan (S&D), in writing.
The report results from complaints submitted by European citizens and shows how weak the role of the European institutions and their directives can be if they are not adequately backed up by a comprehensive monitoring network.
Even more important are preventive measures to avoid waste, something that is not given enough consideration in the report.
We should also support the move for the programme to focus more of its attention on the eradication of so-called – and rather shocking – honour killings and female genital mutilation, which sadly still goes on in some Member States and should have absolutely no place whatsoever in a European society.
We also propose a colour-coded system for classifying waste, thereby helping citizens to understand the waste cycle and increase recycling rates.
I am voting for this report since it raises in quite a timely fashion a fairly sensitive subject that should be debated: the situation of women and children in situations of armed conflict.
However, the entire report is imbued with an undisguisable militarist vision, which is quite explicit when advocating better conditions for women in the military and civilian missions undertaken by NATO.
Anna Ibrisagic (PPE), in writing.
they want to be the authors of change and the authors of a better destiny for their children, especially for their daughters.
Even today, women still account for less than 10% of the official participants at peace negotiations, with very few exceptions.
Sexual violence and mass rapes, used as a weapon of war, are, unfortunately, on the increase throughout the world.
In addition, Parliament recognises that the public sector alone will not be able to meet all the financing needs required to develop energy access, and therefore draws attention to the importance of private investors and market-oriented reforms for the energy sector.
I am particularly keen to see that the rapporteur has recognised the need to update rules.
I do, however, regret the fact that this text restricts itself to a market approach and public-private partnerships, the limitations of which it nonetheless condemns.
Every state is responsible for access to universal services, but not every developing country is capable of independently ensuring universal energy access for the poor.
Sound fiscal consolidation, together with fairer and more targeted distribution of the tax burden, is necessary to ensure fiscal credibility, and the reduction of debt requires both expenditure restraint and tax increases, while growth-oriented tax changes must be given priority.
I also agree with the view that we need to tackle tax havens together, rather than settling for bilateral agreements on this issue.
This problem is bound to be of interest to the public authorities.
We are only now realising that what we do not consume we throw away.
There is much to be done.
I started because a member of my family got sick – irrevocable damage was caused to his health – because of groundwater pollution.
These are also in the report, but I will just recap here in any case.
We need transparency about how waste is handled;
There are alternatives that are virtuous and create employment.
More attention should be paid to prevention and also the financing of small organisations that tackle this issue.
However, we believe that a series of rules also need to be applied to those involved in the process of war and peace.
The creation of so-called mailbox companies, with which we also have experience in the EU Member States, is certainly an undesirable phenomenon that needs to be addressed.
Why have we been deadlocked on this programme, which directly concerns support for the most fragile people through so many of the associations to which Mr Daul rightly paid tribute and which are not all very large associations but local associations which do excellent work?
We have made concrete proposals to arrive at what I hope will one day be a European civil protection force to respond to disasters outside the EU, but also, Mr Daul, to act as needed when all European countries are affected by problems which impact on the most vulnerable people and which put the health or safety of some of our fellow citizens in danger.
It is also high time that we promoted a common energy policy.
It cannot be criticised either for being the place where Mr Campinos and all his team have done such an excellent job, as Mr Barnier has quite rightly said.
It is important that we fully understand what we are dealing with in order to react appropriately.
Furthermore, the Commission will be one of the main beneficiaries of the services provided by the Observatory thanks to the increased credibility and objectivity of the data it will collect.
To give the proposal the benefit of the doubt – despite my misgivings about it – hopefully the observatory can be something good if it really focuses on proper academic research.
Well, a big part of our growth agenda can be fulfilled from the potentials that we have in innovation and what our thinkers right across the European Union are doing in the creative industries.
I predict that, sitting there by the Costa Brava beach, the office and its lucky bureaucrats will become bloated on sun, sangria and paella.
A platform is being created which can be accessed via the e-Justice Portal.
Nikolaos Chountis (GUE/NGL), Blue-card answer.
All this requires a good quality IT platform and of course, a high level of reliability and security.
First, the topic of possible prices or price rises.
Lastly, in the event of disputes, parties should have access to effective and inexpensive dispute settlement mechanisms which do not burden users with unreasonable legal costs.
It has been announced many times with deadlines and dates that have never been respected, as you have indirectly admitted.
Madam President, there is a contradiction here because, while we are debating social cohesion, a policy is being promoted, for which the Commission is partly responsible, which is causing an increase in unemployment and the closure of numerous small and medium-sized enterprises in Greece.
Erminia Mazzoni (PPE), in writing.
Structural and cohesion policy is one of the key policy areas of the European Union and, by definition, it should serve the purpose of consolidating the economic and social cohesion of the Union, while at the same time promoting growth and employment, in underdeveloped regions in particular.
The Greek people are not alone.
Fellow representatives, we are aware of the solution.
Mr President, the European milk production sector has recently gone through a relatively difficult period, but this has also been the case for other sectors of the European economy.
despite their different natures in many of the Member States, cooperatives are treated as if they were all the same and excluded from the diary package, as if all reflected the real power of the producers.
The debate is closed.
Occasionally in politics you have to not just talk the talk, but walk the walk.
It is also completely clear that, with this agreement, we are not legitimising the situation in Western Sahara.
It is an effective way to make them toe the line and to keep them in poverty.
We are also keen to promote regional cooperation in the Maghreb and support efforts made by Algeria and Morocco to normalise their relations.
We know that Perpignan is currently a key transit point for tomatoes.
I therefore believe, even if there is a desire to hold separate votes about one point or another, that we in the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) will vote in favour of this joint resolution with a large majority.
...
So much is certain.
That is why the model put forward by the German Council of Economic Experts of having low interest rates to finance pre-existing debt is important.
It is important to underline that this is what this decision is about: not only telecoms but also giving new dynamism to the European economy.
I want us to lead the process of change and I want us to create the best opportunities in Europe regarding competitiveness and the use of telecoms opportunities.
Regrettably the Council is yet to adopt the first reading.
As we enter into a period of fisheries reform the Council and Commission will have to adopt a more constructive approach and attitude to Parliament.
This goes beyond the application of Article 43(3).
This will be on the Commission’s agenda in March?
Artur Zasada, author.
Given these differences – within a single Member State, even, quite apart from the differences across national borders – I am far from convinced about whether interconnection makes sense at this point in time.
As a European and a Portuguese, I was very pleased to vote for the protocol to the EU–Guinea-Bissau Fisheries Partnership Agreement, as Guinea-Bissau is a member of the Community of Portuguese-Speaking Countries (CPLP), which is headquartered in Lisbon.
Mr President, I voted along with my Group, the ECR, in favour of the report on technical requirements for credit transfers and direct debits in euros.
Sophie Auconie (PPE), in writing.
I voted in favour of the proposal related to the management of the European Observatory on Counterfeiting and Piracy in order to fight against infringements of intellectual property rights, increase the awareness of public and private sectors of the impact of counterfeiting and piracy and inform consumers of the dangers related to the purchase of fake products.
The Protocol to the Euro-Mediterranean Association Agreement between the EU and Morocco, which we have adopted here today, marks a decisive stage in our bilateral relations.
Maria do Céu Patrão Neves (PPE), in writing.
To this end, the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA) project aims to develop common Union-wide payment instruments to replace current national payment instruments.
It is high time it was necessary to replace the existing national payment systems by a single European system.
In principle I welcome the Commission proposal to create an internal market for euro payment services.
It appears, then, that we are dealing with a legislative intervention which, on the whole, deserves applause.
Within that framework, we must remember that the European Commission operates the European Observatory on Counterfeiting and Piracy, one of the aims of which is to develop technical tools designed to prevent imitation, illegal copying and piracy.
I voted for the legislative resolution on the proposal for a regulation on entrusting the Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market (Trade Marks and Designs) with certain tasks related to the protection of intellectual property rights (IPR), including the assembling of public and private sector representatives as a European Observatory on Counterfeiting and Piracy.
Zoltán Bagó (PPE).
I believe that I will answer only two points while, due to the complexity of the philosophical and systemic points inherent in his speech, I intend to examine the transcription of the words addressed to me by Mr Speroni and for which I thank him very much.
It is important that we maintain pressure on the Syrian regime.
I think we should certainly appeal to Russia and China and say – at one time this was a popular saying in Poland – ‘do not go that way’, because it is the way of compromise and shame.
We have been strongly critical of the decision by China and the Russian Federation to veto a Security Council resolution on Syria.
This could not have been sped up by us, but we could have provided a framework for it.
By discussing Turkey’s accession whilst unresolved border issues and questions of human rights in Northern Cyprus remain, the EU is undermining the integrity of the United Nations.
It is also to be welcomed that this is the unequivocal position of the European Parliament on what is, indeed, a shocking matter.
However, this is, unfortunately, not something that we have any power over.
Parliament must follow the same line, by freezing its administrative expenditure and all of its real estate expansion plans, without falling into the trap of agreeing to populist amendments.
This is something that I believe to be extremely important.
The European Union is going through the worst crisis it has experienced since its foundation.
Consider their thirst, Commissioner, and work for that binding agreement, but keep in mind, too, that we are all potentially disabled.
What we must do immediately is to work with publishers and with associations for visually impaired people on these concrete steps forward and we shall continue to work on the most effective text of a potential legally binding treaty.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Due to the guarantees included in the Treaty, citizens are provided with a high degree of transparency, and sensitive information is protected by strict conditions of use.
However, in third countries, there are data protection systems different from the European Union’s system.
Furthermore, the EPSCO and Ecofin Councils will adopt conclusions.
Francisco Sosa Wagner (NI).
I can remember initiatives in the region which I come from that involved attempts to introduce the dual educational system in different areas of Greece.
Mario Mauro (PPE).
Crushing cuts to wages, pensions, health, welfare and education, mass unemployment, poverty and the impoverishment of the people.
Mr Daul, do you agree with me that a good way of doing this would be to repeal the Working Time Directive?
And why?
Bold decisions and strong political will to promote fiscal stability are needed to restore investment and growth to Europe.
Of course, I support what the Council and the Commission are now doing.
So normal lending is very important.
The motion for a resolution refers to the labour market situation of young people and people approaching the retirement age, as well as of low-skilled workers, those categories considered to be the most severely affected by the crisis.
Among the areas of economic activity, these three categories are particularly prevalent in some Member States in agriculture.
I would like to think that we will come out of this liberal aberration and will try to find answers.
Opportunities such as this, and the Annual Growth Survey and its transformation into ‘annual guidelines for sustainable growth’, on which we are being asked to vote, allow us to make the future of the young generations of Europeans the focus of our debate and to play an active and immediate role in the interaction between Member States and the European Commission.
I voted for this report, which supports the Commission proposal to launch a new employment strategy based on greater coordination of economic policy.
Giovanni La Via (PPE), in writing.
Mairead McGuinness (PPE), in writing.
As part of the Europe 2020 strategy, the EU has drawn up a list of priorities and joint initiatives aimed at smart, sustainable and job-rich growth.
I voted for the resolution on the proposal for a Council decision on guidelines for the employment policies of the Member States because, due to the financial and economic crisis, unemployment has increased alarmingly in the EU.
Seven countries initially rejected the support programme under consideration, on alleged legal grounds.
So there is much yet to be done.
I welcome the Irish Government’s support for this stance.
Council Regulation (EEC) No 3730/87 laid down the general rules for the supply of food to the most deprived persons in the EU.
France also undertakes to continue to provide food aid through charities.
I voted for this recommendation and for extending this aid, but, in the conviction that it will be abolished in 2014, I ask that the appropriations earmarked for France under the European Programme of food aid for the most deprived (PEAD) (EUR 73 million) be deducted from our contribution.
Today, it has left Members with a single choice: let good people starve to death in the days to come or accept aid today and its disappearance tomorrow.
The beneficiaries of the EU food distribution programme are most often homeless, unemployed or elderly people, but the programme is also used by families with many children and single parents.
Opening up the 800 MHz frequency band to electronic communications services in all Member States by 1 January 2013, accelerating the development of mobile broadband services to speeds of at least 30 Mbps by 2020 for all citizens of the European Union, and the allocation of 1 200 MHz of spectrum to mobile data traffic by 2015 are truly strategic decisions, essential to the establishment of a pan-European telecommunications market.
The proposal opens up the 800 MHz band for electronic communications services by 1 January 2013 and will help to create a pan-European telecommunications market where new services can create opportunities and growth for a 500 million consumer market.
While we agree that there is a need to plan and organise the radio spectrum, we believe it is essential that this be done in a context of cooperation among the Member States, retaining it as a public good and keeping it free of Commission guidelines, particularly those that mention putting the radio spectrum at the service of the Europe 2020 strategy, the Digital Agenda for Europe and the Single Market Act.
Maria Da Graça Carvalho (PPE), in writing.
The report states that this imbalance may lead to unfair commercial practices.
In line with this report, the role of own-initiative reports will be enhanced by ensuring that they are handled as strategic reports.
Jean-Luc Mélenchon (GUE/NGL), in writing.
With a view to improving the treatment of own-initiative reports, in particular at the plenary stage, the report following the recommendations by the COP decided that own-initiative reports drawn up on the basis of annual activity and monitoring reports should be handled as strategic reports within the meaning of the last sentence of Rule 48(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
This resolution calls for the pooling of sovereign debt by the countries of the euro area, in accordance with a proposal by a group of German economists.
The euro area is in a unique situation, with the euro area Member States sharing a single currency without a common fiscal policy and a single bond market.
However, a lot more needs to be done to obtain fair prices for dairy farmers.
The potential benefits of introducing this remedy are the principal reasons which ought to persuade us to carry out an in-depth analysis of this question.
Georgios Papanikolaou (PPE), in writing.
At a time when we are seeing increased asymmetry within the EU, economic policy needs to be reviewed and made compatible with social policy.
Young people face an unemployment rate of over 20% and more than 40% in some Member States.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
I find it concerning that, yet again, the European Parliament is navel-gazing over its institutions and the interaction between them instead of seeking proportionate responses to the current crisis.
I welcome the conclusion of this agreement between the EU and the four Schengen-associated states;
Appeals for clemency remain unanswered by the Belarusian authorities.
Michel Barnier, Member of the Commission.
Peter Šťastný, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Recent violent uprisings and the catastrophic events in Port Said tell a sad story.
Would that energy not be better spent in punishing a minister who is a disgrace to Christian Democracy and to the community of values that Europe claims to be?
After all, we cannot put so many obstacles in the way of reuniting families that, in the end, reunification becomes an impossibility.
The report on implementation of the directive and the Green Paper also list problems and shortcomings with implementation of the directive at national level.
At this stage, the Commission has not initiated infringement proceedings.
If we open up the possibility of adopting new provisions, I believe there is a risk that the result will be worse than what we currently have and that fewer people will be reunited with their families.
The small amount of integration that may have been achieved is constantly being undone with the arrival of family members who have to start the whole process again from scratch.
The convention is therefore an incentive for South-South trade, and as such it may contribute to economic growth, economic diversification, the reduction of poverty, democratisation and integration in the region.
Mr Mölzer rightly referred to incidents of abuse, which must be stopped.
Michel Barnier, Member of the Commission.
First, the regional convention on pan-Euro-Mediterranean preferential rules of origin is one of the first practical responses to the historical and positive events that have recently taken place in the countries of many of our southern Mediterranean neighbours.
This convention is important for several reasons.
Let me give you just a few examples: in June 2010, the Romanian authorities were able to get a complete map of the areas affected by flooding due to this programme.
Mr President, Regulation (EU) No 911/2010 on the Global Monitoring for Environment and Security (GMES) and its initial operations, for the period 2011-2013, will expire in 2013 and, unfortunately, the Commission has not come up with a new proposal for a regulation.
In my opinion, it is essential for the institutions to reinforce their interinstitutional cooperation with a view to sharing best practices, looking for savings and thus modernising their policies on human resources, organisation, technology and buildings.
Paulo Rangel (PPE), in writing.
I voted in favour of paragraph 23, which urges the Commission to find a legal solution that would enable fishermen to develop other sources of income within the wide range of ‘fishery-linked activities’ without being financially penalised.
It was important for this resolution to stress the particular importance of small-scale coastal fishing and of traditional fishing in economic, social, environmental and cultural terms, and to contribute to maintaining and creating economic activities and jobs, both upstream and downstream from fishing.
Therefore, I voted in favour of it.
I am grieved by this travesty today which clearly brings to mind the atmosphere of show trials.
However, I supported this resolution which raises concerns about the human rights situation in Russia.
The regime in Russia produces one disappointment after another for democratic institutions in Europe.
Miguel Portas (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The EU must take strong action to that end and bring about a legally binding treaty at WIPO (World Intellectual Property Organisation) level.
Only by implementing these measures will we end discrimination against disabled people, and all people, whatever their disability, will be guaranteed the opportunity to fully exercise fundamental human rights and freedoms without experiencing discrimination.
Mr President, I would like to say that, when voting today on the resolution on the 19th session of the United Nations Organisation, I voted against the amendments, which, once again in this House, under the innocuous-sounding name of ‘reproductive rights’, conceal propaganda for and promotion of the killing of unborn children.
For this reason, a legally binding copyright treaty is urgently needed in this area, in line with the ban on discrimination against people with disabilities enshrined in the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights.
Any measures promoting the development of relationships between countries in the region should be supported.
This recommendation, drafted by Mr Menéndez del Valle, concerns the regional convention on pan-Euro-Mediterranean preferential rules of origin.
The development of effective cooperation between the EU and the Mediterranean area requires stimulation of access to funds through the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument (ENPI).
The Global Monitoring for Environment and Security (GMES) programme provides information that allows a better understanding of how our planet can be changed and the means by which this is done.
Therefore, I signed this resolution to demand the reintegration of GMES into the multiannual financial framework 2014-2020 because it is unacceptable to jeopardise in this way such an important programme, already considered to be one of the European Union’s two flagship space initiatives, along with Galileo, and even more so once it starts to bear fruit.
I am voting for this report because I believe there is a need to ensure effective coverage for deposits of up to EUR 100 000 in any currency, whether made by private individuals or businesses.
That includes the voluntary stress tests carried out on 143 nuclear power stations in the EU in all 14 Member States in which nuclear power stations operate.
it is the ruined soil or the contaminated water.
The civilisation that chose to include a deadly technology in its development model.
This is, of course, natural.
to the further weakening of labour relations, with the weakening of the principle of collective bargaining;
Silvia Costa (S&D) .
Prescribing rank order, of course, is possible only in closed-list systems.
It may be at a snail’s pace, but fortunately the movement is in the right direction.
The Women’s Rights Committee is also currently working on a motion for a resolution to call on the European Commission to revise the 2006 directive on equal treatment, which is one of the areas that generates the most concern, and is a particular focus of European women’s worries and demands in all our societies.
Antigoni Papadopoulou, on behalf of the S&D Group.
Madam President, I would like to congratulate Ms Pietikäinen because she has managed to put together a good text.
We should, however, pay particular attention to implementation of the proposals they contain.
In addition, men must assume the responsibility that falls to them – that falls to us – in the private sphere.
Maternity should be a choice, not a scourge.
In the Czech Republic, the pay gap is far worse than the European average.
Here, both the Commission and our rapporteur have risen to the challenge, a notable achievement on which they deserve to be commended..
Jaroslav Paška, on behalf of the EFD Group.
Children and young people must be protected.
It is unacceptable for precisely those sectors that have proven to be particularly helpful during the financial crisis to become victims of the rules once the crisis is over.
Please get started on this and strengthen the social and solidarity economy.
It is a mistake to consider university education as a matter that is exclusively internal to Member States.
This is, of course, something that interests us.
The more expansive the area of knowledge, the more opportunities there are for young Europeans who, as is well known, are not affected uniformly by this crisis throughout the EU.
Tomorrow, it will be you or me!
In Luxembourg, a law restricting foreign residents’ access to family allowances has just been adopted.
President.
Although these pages have so many visitors that supervising them is almost impossible, authorities need to reach agreements with content providers and server hosts to at least limit such activities.
Have you considered that, when you have to justify the existence of the very badly functioning European Union, you claim that it is because otherwise there would be tension and maybe even war among nations?
However, there are some political bodies, like the one to which you belong in particular, that want to generate tensions and to make political capital out of existing problems, such as unemployment and perhaps even poverty.
Mr Mitchell and Mr Luhan from the EPP Group;
Ireland had a debt/GNP ratio of about 25%.
Mr President, efforts to stabilise national budgets are necessary, but they undermine immediate growth.
In that respect, our rapporteur has set out a number of principles which we are happy to support.
The EU has several necessary instruments available for putting an end to these practices.
As regards the former, the Committee on International Trade is unanimously proposing that Parliament authorise the Council to conclude the International Cocoa Agreement 2010 for three key reasons.
The reason is simple: as they are unable to make a profit from their activity, the producers are forced to look for cheap labour.
There must be a focused and coordinated operation covering the efforts of institutions developing health policy, the European Union’s scientific potential and non-governmental organisations.
Sarah Ludford (ALDE).
We need to combat diabetes and other diseases that affect the population.
In recent years, an increase in the incidence of diabetes has been noted.
Prevention is essential and, indeed, also possible, because the risk factors for all these diseases are already known.
There is a need to focus on and not forget that more than 50% of the EFF has been used to scrap boats, when what we need is to steer it towards productive activity, towards the renewal and modernisation of the fleet and support infrastructure, and towards using job creation and vocational training to bring young people back into the sector.
Mr President, it is obvious that many of our Member States face a lot of difficulties relating to the economic crisis.
In this context, I would highlight two key issues that correspond to the two aims I have just set out.
In the new EMFF, the Commission is proposing some significant changes, including the suggestion to terminate public aid for scrapping, which is still available under the current programme.
I would hope that all colleagues in the Chamber here tonight would urge the US Government to adopt these new rules as swiftly as possible and build on and reinforce the trust between both the EU and the US on trade issues.
This victory has been won by European diplomacy;
Let us recall what the treaty says: firstly, that the European Commission can only have legislative powers in the shape of delegated acts, at the decision and under the control of the EU’s two legislators;
After all, we have signed the new treaty to solve it all, and some are implying that Europe is really OK;
All this will be monitored by the institutions.
The Commission was asked to step up its technical assistance to Greece to achieve this.
It is a privilege to continue the work in this decisive moment for Europe.
But perhaps the biggest bombshell is the German Finance Minister saying just yesterday that nobody can exclude a third bail-out.
The European budget is a budget for investment;
No, the European social model is not dead.
That means we have got to look to the Commission to impose itself on governments and, at the same time, nurture public debate among our citizens so as to create a practical consensus to Europe as a project.
The second cause is the weakening of the Commission.
elections that are difficult for them, not for their countries.
However, unlike Germany, the economies of these crisis countries are not dependent on exports, but on their own internal markets.
Small and medium-sized enterprises, which form the backbone of society, are closing down one after another.
Come on, we have to be serious here.
Furthermore, I want to repeat the call to actively implement the measures that have been agreed in the last few Councils.
Only one issue is being pushed, a single objective, which is financial stability and the actions necessary to guarantee it.
The key issue is to make decisive use of the basic instrument on which the European Community is based: the single market.
They also need to reflate their economies by government-directed investment financed by quantitative easing and not borrowing.
In December, we adopted by a very large majority the Commission’s proposal to extend European Globalisation Adjustment Fund crisis measures.
Relocation is undoubtedly, at least for the time being, crucial for European capital in search of areas where wages are lower.
Here in Parliament, you have had preliminary discussions in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, and discussions so far both within the Council and here in Parliament showed that there are serious doubts about several important aspects of the new EGF regulation, notably, the inclusion of the agricultural sector.
Mr President, this debate on the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) and the extension of crisis-related criteria concerns me in many respects, as it seems to me that, beyond the refusal to extend crisis-related criteria, it is the fund itself which is being targeted, particularly on the part of some Member States who no longer wish to hear mention of EU social action.
Accordingly, in 2009, the Council eased access to the assets of the fund in order to address the first wave of the crisis.
I also welcome the creation of a European Certificate of Succession because I believe that this document will enable heirs, executors of the will and administrators of the estate to avoid many unnecessary administrative procedures.
In the framework of successions within the EU, we know there are judicial systems to settle successions, where it is compulsory to appear before a judge, and non-judicial systems, where the succession is settled by a notary.
The adopted regulation also introduces a European Certificate of Succession (ECS) for use by heirs and legatees having direct rights in the succession, in order to demonstrate specific elements such as the status as heir or the attribution of a specific asset.
There are still many barriers which, directly or indirectly, continue to restrict the free movement of persons within the EU, as well as the public’s ability to fully enjoy the benefits of the single market.
It is paramount that gender equality continues to be promoted in the EU and that Member States are requested to make this a priority issue within their economic strategies.
Legislation may have changed, but traditional gender roles, gender stereotyping and taboos remain an important obstacle to fundamental change.
the solutions that these provide for the problem of inequality between men and women can only be artificial.
The ECR Group strongly opposes all calls at EU level for legislation to establish targets and quotas for women in political parties and institutions and all sectors for that matter.
However, only a small proportion of these cooperatives have chosen the Statute for a European cooperative society (SCE).
However, I strongly believe that the introduction of quotas for women is not the right approach, and rather demeans women.
Launched in 1999, the Bologna process seeks to make higher education in Europe more competitive and attractive and to promote student mobility.
I am voting for the Berlinguer report on the Bologna process.
The Bologna process has made it possible for Europe’s higher education systems to be compatible, and has enabled the removal of still existing barriers to cross-border mobility, so as to enable study in other countries and make European higher education more attractive.
By 2020, 20% of graduates will have carried out a study or training period abroad.
In light of this, I voted to support Mr Scicluna’s initiative.
Public universities should not be continuously questioned, or treated as careless and inefficient bodies.
The report also underlines the need to adopt a systemic approach to the production of European statistics in order to make them more reliable.
- the Commission is urged to forward proposals for legislation aimed at introducing elements of the revised European Statistics Code of Practice into EU law, with a view to distinguishing clearly between the responsibilities and competences of national statistical agencies and those of Member State governments;
We must restore confidence and we can only achieve this if political actions – supported by unbiased statistics – have a tangible impact on people’s lives.
Carlos Coelho (PPE), in writing.
Mr President, 40 years ago, the United Kingdom voted to join a common market.
As you know, the export of European veal and beef to the United States was banned for a decade due to US restrictions relating to BSE (bovine spongiform encephalopathy).
This proposal sets out memoranda that I consider to be decisive and which will be implemented in several phases in order to meet US and Canadian criteria.
At the end of the 1980s, when the European Union decided to ban meat treated with growth hormones, the United States and Canada successfully argued their case at the WTO, which authorised them to impose trade sanctions against the EU.
Free trade has been one of the pillars of the CCP, gearing it towards capitalist competition rather than cooperation and mutual benefit.
Introduction of these important changes to decision-making processes and implementing measures urgently requires the adaptation of existing legal acts, and so I am pleased that Parliament has adopted a report today which allows these innovative measures to be introduced to these regulations on the common commercial policy.
The European Parliament, noting the Commission’s updated financial programming for 2007-2013 and the fiscal consolidation efforts undertaken by most Member States because of the financial and budgetary crisis, recalls that the European Union’s budget is one of the most important instruments where solidarity between Member States and between generations is being demonstrated, and that it provides a clear added value, given its extraordinary impact on the real economy and on the daily lives of European citizens.
The EU budget must also be given sufficient resources to be able to finance the commitments that have previously been decided upon.
That is what is best for taxpayers and for industry.
I voted against Amendment 1 because I think that economic recovery requires measures to strengthen solidarity and boost sustainable growth and employment.
These are the reasons I voted in favour of the report.
The existence of a single market with freedom of movement for persons and goods, with unquestionable benefits for European citizens, at times also enables the existence of criminal organisations, corruption and/or money laundering.
I therefore welcome the adopted resolution, for which I voted, and I hope that its aims of providing training for approximately 700 000 justice professionals by 2020 will be achieved.
The European Union is the world’s principal consumer of chocolate, 70% of global cocoa production is cultivated in West Africa and approximately 18 million children throughout the world are estimated to work on cocoa plantations.
The Member States should develop, implement and monitor national diabetes programmes, aimed at health promotion, risk factor reduction, improved prediction, prevention, early diagnosis, and treatment of diabetes, targeting both the population at large and high-risk groups, and aimed at reducing inequalities and optimising health care resources.
I voted in favour of this resolution as I believe a dedicated EU strategy to tackle its growing diabetes problem is essential in order to improve research cooperation and focus on prevention and early diagnosis.
I absolutely oppose the statements lauding the country’s efforts to integrate the Roma community.
I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution on the 2011 progress report on the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia since it shines a positive light on some crucial steps taken by the country in relation to the EU accession process.
In short, this headlong rush, in the midst of a crisis, while the EU’s absorption capacity is far from proven, is worse than an error: it is faulty.
Siiri Oviir (ALDE), in writing.
The EU, which started with six countries, continues its enlargement process, particularly eastwards, with Croatia slated to accede in June 2013.
It should be noted that in 2011, the country made significant progress towards EU membership.
Justas Vincas Paleckis (S&D), in writing.
The majority in Parliament support the ‘strengthened’ EU Special Representative and continuation of the EU military operation, EUFOR Althea, rather than an end to their mandates.
The amendments proposed by the rapporteur mean that this proposal will help the Member States to make better use of the EFF, so I am voting for this report.
All I can say is that it is not the clear majority in this House that is deliberately taking the wrong course in its criticism of the elections in Russia.
Elmar Brok (PPE), Blue-card answer to two questions.
Csaba Sándor Tabajdi (S&D).
Mr President, an initial conclusion of the demonstrations and elections in Russia is that Russian civil society has become stronger and may be able to generate an alternative to the current regime.
Hannes Swoboda (S&D), Blue-card answer to three questions.
Under the restrictive conditions and one-sided advantages, we cannot exclude the fact that Vladimir Putin narrowly won the presidential elections.
Leonidas Donskis (ALDE) .
Since its independence 20 years ago, it has been the European Union’s policy to support Kazakhstan’s economic and political progress.
Nicole Kiil-Nielsen (Verts/ALE), Blue-card question.
The country obviously has a long way to go until it achieves European standards of political pluralism, freedom of speech and assembly.
This is a long-term process which the European Union must support.
I also believe it is necessary to emphasise that President Nazarbayev is well aware of what we stand for.
These resources, particularly in terms of oil, do little, if anything, to alleviate the needs of the population.
Mr President, I very much welcome the opportunity, at long last, to have a debate on Nigeria.
How the European Union, and the High Representative in particular, assists Nigeria with the current developments will make it clear, in practice, how much store we set by these principles.
The European Union should be striving to strengthen dialogue with the Nigerian Government, to bring it to put robust measures in place which will guarantee public order and justice.
The debate here has highlighted the situation between Muslims and Christians.
It is a leading nation in West Africa, for better or worse.
Mr President, Nigeria is a country with more than 150 million people and it is the largest oil producer in Africa.
We expressed our sincere condolences to the families of the victims.
President.
Mr President, I must repeat once again that our position, the position of the Confederal Group of the European United Left – Nordic Green Left, and my personal position, is that FYROM can and must become a member of the European Union, if its people so wish.
However, I fear that the author of the motion for a resolution has opted for a worse approach, a much less realistic approach than that taken by Mr Füle and Mr Wammen, who discreetly raised the question of the name.
It needs to be ensured that all children can study from appropriate textbooks in their own native language.
These measures can prevent discrimination based on nationality and foster mutual acceptance and the assumption of ethnic identity.
William (The Earl of) Dartmouth (EFD).
Unemployment and a balanced budget are the real issues that Vjekoslav Bevanda, the Chair of the Council of Ministers (not a Prime Minister), is right to deal with.
I therefore want to join you in reminding all political actors in the country of the road map towards European Union integration.
We need to see progress being made in the judicial system and, in particular, in the structured dialogue.
Jo Leinen (S&D).
Blatant undermining of the free movement of persons and open incitement to discrimination have no place in the European Union.
I voted in favour of this European Parliament resolution because the European Union is founded on the values of democracy and the rule of law, and on unequivocal respect for fundamental rights and freedoms, as enshrined in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union and in the ECHR.
However, the website should not be used to name and shame individual citizens.
EU citizens have the right to move, live, study and work wherever in the EU they like and should be welcomed, not discriminated against.
We should point out that workers from the countries which joined the EU in 2004 and 2007 have had a positive impact on the economies of Member States, making a substantial contribution to the sustained economic growth in the EU, and have not caused any upset on the labour markets.
I also hope that our debate today will encourage the Prime Minister of Holland to rebuke his coalition partner.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
However it is difficult to build commercial links when Russia is crying out for democratic reform.
The interests of multinationals also come together here, and they see this country’s joining the World Trade Organisation as a unique opportunity to satisfy their insatiable desire for domination.
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
I firmly believe that all the forms of violence in Nigeria are reprehensible, and that the threat of continuing ethnic, religious and political tension is also a cause for concern, leading to further suffering for thousands of people.
Hand in hand with this should be the drafting of the main global indicators of quality, quantity, achievability and affordability of water and indicators for the effective use of water resources at river basin level.
However, I do have some concerns.
We are therefore calling on the Commission and on Member States to reinforce their commitment to achieve fully the Millennium Development Goals in the field of water and sanitation.
Ewald Stadler (NI).
Parliament, in an own-initiative report, has proposed a range of measures to complement these action plans.
Progress has been achieved, for example, in the car industry, but the aerospace industry is still lagging behind and remains one of the main problem areas.
Given energy consumption and the flows and patterns thereof, issues such as the production and trading models currently in force, as well as free trade and its impact on the relocation of production, are insufficiently addressed.
In seeking a better life, many of these vulnerable persons are kidnapped by traffickers in human beings when crossing clandestinely the Egyptian border or being smuggled directly from neighbouring countries.
We need a coordinating body to go via the African Union, as European Union partners, explicitly committed to the universal values of democracy and human rights.
In accordance with Rule 122 of the Rules of Procedure, I have received six motions for resolutions(1).
We are asking if this is true.
Madam President, here we are once again facing a country in which the people are forced to defend their human rights.
It was with great difficulty that the European Union managed to introduce the European Emissions Trading System in 2007.
Of course we also have an EU budget which could help some Member States to make a transition and achieve energy efficiency and more efficient grid systems and so on.
This, nevertheless, represents 70% of waste water.
The Commission has of course followed the development of the Schmallenberg issue very closely from the start, and we continue to coordinate the EU response.
As with any other viral disease, there is no specific treatment to cure animals infected with the Schmallenberg virus.
Yet if the EU does not pay sufficient attention to addressing minority issues, these future EU citizens will find themselves disappointed in us.
Of course this is done with greater or lesser success, but one has to appreciate the enormous determination shown to overcome problems.
I am of the opinion that the changes and reforms implemented by the country so far point in the right direction, and as regards the remaining measures the EU must provide all necessary means.
That was all possible because it understood that the only chance for Serbia was to cut loose from the past and concentrate on the future – a future which engaged the country inevitably on the path to EU integration.
Serbia has been granted candidate status, and at the same time – this is important – elections are to be held in early May.
This means that Serbia has to confront Kosovo’s independence and abandon illusions that somehow, one day, Kosovo will again be a part of the Serbian State.
This contribution was recognised yesterday when Serbia was awarded the Council of Europe North-South Prize.
Serbia has candidate status, but Kosovo not yet been recognised by five EU Member States.
Mr Kazak, according to the interpretation you talked about the fact that Turkey was being demanded to make unilateral concessions and you accused Cyprus of not living up to its ‘commitments’ – the word in interpretation – towards the Turkish Cypriots in the north of the island.
Some of them are elected members of parliament.
The rigid role which women play in Turkish society means lower participation by women in the workplace, politics and civil society.
The climate of fear and mistrust in institutions in Turkey is undermining its potential to be a leader in a changing world and we urge the Turkish Government to take its responsibilities.
The shadow rapporteurs also deserve recognition.
I am positive that this broad national consensus on the country’s European integration is a major asset for Montenegro.
Charles Tannock, on behalf of the ECR Group.
I welcome this.
Montenegro is having to deal with some of these issues for the first time, but that is necessary and, certainly, welcome.
Ioan Enciu (S&D), in writing.
My thanks also to the Commissioner, for everything he has told us today.
At the same time, we need to bear in mind that we are still increasing the budget in line with what we call inflation: 1.9% plus the costs of incorporating Croatia.
The Commission should then come up with a set of tools contained in a European Code of Conduct which will leave the main corporate governance instruments to be applied by public corporations, customised in certain matters in accordance with the policy of each Member State.
I have an old cookbook at home and at the end of every recipe it says ‘salt and pepper to taste’.
This is why we welcome Mr Bodu’s report, which has achieved broad cooperation and support for the principle of ‘comply or explain’.
This House, the European Parliament, has often done the same thing.
Marian Harkin (ALDE).
Mr President, many months ago Parliament called for efforts to combat the crisis to be extended to include measures to stimulate the economy.
The internal market should, of course, be a priority for these measures.
Damien Abad (PPE), in writing.
I have fought for these measures to be adopted.
I called for operators and airlines to provide regular reports with the aim of making the enforcement bodies more efficient and boosting competition.
James Nicholson (ECR), in writing.
Anna Záborská (PPE).
The revised decision should encourage more Member States to take part in resettling refugees next year, the final year of the current ERF, by increasing the amount of financial support Member States receive from the ERF for resettlements and by enlarging the list of those whose resettlement will be financed by the ERF next year to include vulnerable people such as children, women at risk, unaccompanied minors, persons with serious medical needs, etc.
This list should go beyond the number of refugees protected by each Member State.
Given the global nature of the over-the-counter derivatives market, an approach that is coordinated at the international level is crucial.
In view of this, and in order to address concerns about financial stability, in September of last year, the Commission tabled a proposal for regulating this market.
specifically, the use of central counterparties, the guarantee that OTC derivatives are subject to compensation and the obligation to record them in trade repositories.
Over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives are more than an integral part of the modern financial system: they play a crucial role in the functioning of an efficient and competitive market.
Electromagnetic fields pose a significant risk to workers exposed to the action fields of these physical agents.
We are now living in an era in which we are aware of all the risks to which many sectors of society are exposed.
The Electromagnetic Fields Directive has been a long time in the making and it is incredibly important that we get it right.
Alfredo Antoniozzi (PPE), in writing.
There are a lot of positive items in this report and I am therefore happy to support the continued progress that the country is making and hope that the government of Serbia will continue to do the hard work of reforming the judicial system and civil administration, as well as ensuring the continued fight against corruption and organised crime.
Inês Cristina Zuber (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Nuno Melo (PPE), in writing.
Last month, we debated the trial and verdict of Mr Dmitry Konovalov and Mr Vladislav Kovalev, two men who were dubiously found guilty in the terrorist attacks of 2005 in Vitebsk, and 2008 and 2010 bomb attacks in Minsk.
I should mention that in implementing the EED, balanced support needs to be given to the processes for establishing democracy both in the Eastern Partnership and in the Southern Neighbourhood, in accordance with the ‘more for more’ principle.
The European Endowment for Democracy (EED) could be a useful tool provided it delivers added value by playing a complementary role to that of existing funding instruments, specifically the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights (EIDHR) and the Instrument for Stability, and not overlapping with or curtailing their activities.
It cynically confirms that one condition for starting the process for Serbia to join the EU was to subjugate the Serbian people, hand the final fugitives over to the NATO ‘tribunal’ and cover the dirty EU/NATO war with the ‘reconciliation in the region’ mantle.
We are, however, continuing to call for further efforts to ensure the protection of minorities and the independence of the judiciary and public administration.
The great powers of NATO and the EU have used aggression and military occupation to create and impose a protectorate, and they want to oblige the Serbian people to accept this violation of their territorial integrity and sovereignty.
However, it is in the interests of Europe and the EU to integrate this important country in the Community, thus ensuring stability in the Balkans.
To varying degrees, these countries are concerned that this precedent will encourage or validate separatist movements within their borders, from the Catalans or Basques in Spain, the Hungarian minorities in Romania and Slovakia or the Turks in Cyprus.
It also welcomes the improvements in the legislative framework that have been announced, and calls for their swift and proper implementation and for efforts to tackle this challenge more proactively, in particular, by enhancing the capacities of law enforcement agencies and of the judiciary in this regard, as well as by ensuring transparency in public procurement and tendering procedures.
In this paragraph, Parliament notes that Kosovo’s declaration of independence has been recognised by 88 countries, including 22 EU Member States, and states that Parliament would welcome both the recognition of this declaration by all EU Member States and their more active participation in the mediation process between Serbia and Kosovo.
Furthermore, Member States should continue to be responsible in this way, but we also need European-wide coordination, as, in many respects, the influx of refugees has been uncontrolled.
Turkey’s economy has tripled in size over the past decade, has grown by almost 10% in the last year, and is considered one of the fastest growing economies in the world.
The ethnic divisions are far from resolved and there is a serious risk that new actors and conflicts will emerge in Montenegro and in the region’s other countries.
More transparency in companies, preventing conflicts of interest and promoting good practices in the private sector are all issues that represent my vision of companies in Europe.
Mara Bizzotto (EFD), in writing.
It reads like a hastily compiled shopping list scribbled down on the back of an envelope.
I have lived in a country that, in an effort to eliminate market speculation and so-called excessive profits, first abolished the stock exchange, and then business itself.
As the crisis advances, it becomes increasingly urgent to do away with the illusion that the pyromaniacs can be asked to come and put out the fire they themselves started.
Lara Comi (PPE), in writing.
George Sabin Cutaş (S&D), in writing.
Finally, the report also supports the cooperation between the EIB and the Commission in developing innovative financial instruments to promote the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy.
In the voting on the European Investment Bank (EIB) – annual report 2010, Parliament underlined how, with the amendments introduced by the Lisbon Treaty, there is an attempt to significantly increase the investments to support EU policies and to give greater long-term flexibility, especially to the funding objectives of third countries, infrastructures and economic and social cohesion.
Important infrastructure works are financed through it which could not otherwise be implemented.
These barriers must be eliminated, and by voting in favour of this resolution on citizens’ rights, I join other MEPs in calling for Member States to remove these legal and practical barriers.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Elisabetta Gardini (PPE), in writing.
Mr President, this programme was set up at a time when there were groaning food mountains around Europe.
Mr President, we have genuine agreement across all the groups on this point and this will enable us to convince the countries which have so far been opposed to the programme.
Lastly Commissioner, I would like to draw your attention to another matter: many people in this Parliament do not support macro-economic conditionality – you will never have our support for that – but do support subject-related conditionality and concentration on specific subjects.
Over 20 000 volunteers and many non-governmental organisations are involved in programmes to help the poor in Poland.
There is insufficient information about the results, the impact and the achievements of this policy.
Mojca Kleva (S&D).
However, tackling the problem of public debt and fiscal consolidation is only part of the equation.
We can do it on Thursday.
Although gender equality is reflected in the EU priorities on human rights, the treatment of women as second class citizens continues to be tolerated and insufficient action is taken to combat it.
However, misusing human rights in order to impose certain socio-political ideas puts human rights at risk and is not worthy of the human rights activities of this House.
The European Union should impose clauses protecting and applying human rights in all its trade and sectoral agreements with third countries.
I would like to pinpoint the fact that, when talking today about human rights globally and the European Union’s policy in this area, we should, besides the most basic rights which have all been mentioned here, also talk about social rights in the context of human rights.
However – as I have already indicated – the reports of the arrest of the former Prime Minister and of another senior politician are of deep concern.
Overall, there are now over 200 000 internally displaced persons within Mali, and more than 140 000 are estimated to have fled to neighbouring countries.
For more than 10 years now, the Sahel has been a lawless zone where the worst forms of trafficking prosper completely unhindered.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Yet we must acknowledge the important resolution voted for unanimously by the United Nations Security Council, which enabled military observers to be sent into Syria.
Does the international community need several hundred more killings before everybody recognises that in fact, it is not working because Bashar al-Assad is not willing to apply it?
Removing sanctions and increasing aid is not enough: we all recognise, too, the vital contribution that the private sector can make.
We should support her in this struggle, and not just symbolically.
The Commission’s support is needed to develop regional dialogue aimed at devising a common maritime strategy in the Black Sea region, also involving the other Black Sea riparian states.
Firstly, we must reinvigorate the European Union’s approach to cooperation in the Black Sea region in a way which takes account of the variety of relations we have with the countries around the Black Sea.
The EU’s involvement in Black Sea policy should increase in consistency and become more substantial, in line with the region’s development potential.
The EU needs Azerbaijan for the purpose of European energy independence.
We should use more extensively the framework provided by the Eastern Partnership and the Euronest Parliamentary Assembly in order to boost confidence and encourage inter-party dialogue.
Things are not as simple as they have been described here, with terms such as ‘occupied territories’ being used.
This is why I insist and reiterate that the Union should be involved in the negotiations using the experience of its Member States, and I also refer to the experience of the Baltic countries in the 1990s when it comes to holding – or not – a possible referendum in future.
As the ASEAN ministerial meeting is due to take place on 26/27 April, I agree with the urgency request by the Council to hold the vote on this recommendation today so as to enable the High Representative/Vice-President of the Commission, Baroness Ashton, to sign the accession instruments during that meeting.
The vote in the relevant committee clearly shows that the EU is continuing its intensive efforts in respect of Southeast Asia, pursuing its aims of strengthening its economic presence, promoting stability, promoting the economic development of poorer regions, and promoting the development and consolidation of democracy, the rule of law and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms.
They also declared that, at the time of the conclusion of the next accession treaty and in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements, they would set out the provisions of the decision in a protocol to be attached to the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
I voted in favour of the decision of the European Parliament on the European Council’s proposal not to convene a convention for the addition of a protocol on the concerns of the Irish people regarding the Treaty of Lisbon to the Treaty on European Union and to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
This report identifies a number of key challenges.
In this sense, I welcome the Commission’s plan to include a budget line for ‘Outermost regions and regions with a very low population density’ in the multiannual financial framework 2014-2020.
This paragraph proposes that the special arrangements for the outermost regions in connection with the common agricultural policy (CAP) be retained.
The Connecting Europe Facility should include specific references to the outermost regions.
As with previous annual reports, there is absolutely no mention of the flagrant human rights violations in Palestine, Iraq, Afghanistan, occupied Cyprus or Western Sahara.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Howitt because I believe that the text approved today by Parliament puts forward some positive suggestions for dealing with the difficult issue of human rights.
This report reflects current problems which affect Union citizens and also those living elsewhere.
Alfredo Pallone (PPE), in writing.
The new rules will improve the functioning of the single market by enhancing the social protection of a high number of mobile workers in the EU, such as aircrew members and cross-border self-employed workers.
Today, it is not exceptional for a person to work in two or more Member States for different companies and employers.
The issue of social security is closely related to work.
Mercifully, outside of this institution, economists the world over now say it is inevitable that the euro will break up;
We now have an agreement that will strengthen the mechanisms in place to support Member States in financial difficulty and which will embark upon both vital yet difficult reforms.
I have just cited the group of economists led by Philippe Aghion of Harvard.
The Greeks have made serious sacrifices.
The next item is the statements by the Council and the Commission: Call for concrete ways to combat tax fraud and tax evasion [2012/2599(RSP)].
Dear colleagues, we will be working closely with you and the Commission to ensure that this will be a successful battle against tax fraud and evasion.
Antonio Tajani, Vice-President of the Commission.
It could also mean that we are heading down a path of insecurity that will damage relations between Argentina, Spain and Europe, which have traditionally been good.
However, we do explicitly ask that this matter be included in the revision clause, in a way that will subsequently enable us to examine whether or not, and to what extent, any continuing tax competition between Member States is beneficial or harmful for the Europe that we want to develop together – one that seeks to establish a social market economy.
in the early evening, it is integration by a common corporate tax base;
Instead of creating legislation which is inconsistent with the principle of solidarity and which favours certain Member States, we should rather encourage the Member States to establish a common tax base as soon as possible, as some of them have committed to do under the Euro Plus Pact.
This would be a much better solution because it would accelerate the process of building the single market without unnecessary delays, particularly in view of the fact that the Euro Plus Pact shows there is a broad consensus to begin such a plan.
One blow leads to another and if we do this, citizens and businesses will go under in the name of a false and extreme environmentalism which, in Italy and elsewhere in Europe, is just a way of raising money indiscriminately.
While the package, which was to have been vetoed, will, from 2013, hit at ordinary people by causing a rise in the price mainly of electricity, this legislation will affect them even more strongly by causing a rise in the price of fuels needed for heating and transport.
Joachim Zeller (PPE).
This means that the home base will become the legal basis and thus the sole criterion for the application of social security law.
Two months ago, the action team arrived in Italy, but there has been no public evidence of this meeting.
But – at the same time – we have been advocating a more rapid opening of the labour markets of the older Member States.
Pervenche Berès (S&D).
So we are doing our part to look for innovative solutions to reinforce the lending capacity of the European Investment Bank.
We cannot afford one more generation in waiting for a Palestinian state.
Madam President, not as big a sigh of relief as the British public would!
I think of the euro for instance.
Tomasz Piotr Poręba (ECR).
The UK Parliament merely had to note that and continue with what it was doing.
I am pleased that this accession will further enhance and foster the protection of fundamental human rights and freedoms in the EU thanks to the fact that the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg will assume the power to review the compliance of the Union’s actions with the Convention.
However, a specialised judicial mechanism is also required to ensure that they are promoted and protected fully.
I have to say, however, that in my opinion, the information provided today, including that supplied by the Commissioner, is very much lacking in facts and data regarding the efforts made in this area by two important institutions, namely Europol and Frontex, given that this issue should be one of their main priorities.
The final issue is this: is technology changing rapidly enough for biometric passports to keep ahead of the technical abilities of sophisticated criminals perpetrating fraud, and is a biometric system being backed up with the necessary level of border checks in order to make sure that Europe’s borders are as impenetrable as possible to criminals?
Our Parliament, the only Union institution with democratic legitimacy, must have all of the tools required for its legislative control function.
The second reason is a matter of common sense with regard to Europe’s agricultural ambitions.
Is there are two-part working system here, where the Commission receives maps that are then intended to be kept confidential?
It would, in my view, help to build trust if we could at least receive the Member States’ maps that the Commission is in possession of.
Mr President, like most of my colleagues, I am going to reiterate the need for Parliament to have at its disposal all the information necessary to carry out our work in relation to reforming the common agricultural policy in the best possible way, in a difficult context, such as the one we find ourselves in currently, and in the context of great uncertainty for the sector.
An atlas of these eight biophysical criteria might add to our school equipment, but it is certainly not a basis on which to create a truly targeted subsidy arrangement for Parliament and, above all, for directing future agricultural policy.
On the other hand, without clear information, this Parliament can make no decisions on LFAs in relation to the reform of the Common Agricultural Policy.
This is the legal certainty that we want for our citizens.
Mr President, I would like to draw attention to a problem.
I would also like to recall the Commission’s recast proposal for the Dublin Regulation which, like the rest of the asylum package, aims to increase the efficiency of the system and to improve protection of the applicants.
Thank you for your support and understanding on this, and I am sure we will come back to this issue very soon.
Mr President, you said that the situation was not ideal.
Bearing all this in mind, we can rightly and legitimately conclude that former communist countries that acceded to the EU have a twofold stake in the transformation and modernisation of higher education.
Mr President, the European eGovernment Action Plan offers an opportunity to revamp European and national administrations by significantly cutting costs and encouraging growth, innovation and mobility at regional level.
I think that much has been said about the retention periods.
This does not give carte blanche to all the countries of the world.
Firstly, it does not offer European citizens greater protection.
I am going to vote for this;
We need to examine the significance of that answer.
The commentary is a positive exercise by the United Nations’ agencies to combine the previously-adopted UN and Council of Europe legislation with the implementation of the EU Directive.
I eagerly await the strategy that should soon be submitted to us by the Commission, providing a more comprehensive approach for tackling this type of crime more effectively and, at the same time, enhancing the prevention and victim-protection aspect, paying particular attention to children and other high-risk groups.
They establish partnerships with timber-producing and exporting countries aimed at halting illegal logging, promoting sound forest governance and ensuring that only legally-harvested timber reaches the EU market.
This could cover risks from loans and offering guarantees to project promoters, and the proposal, as it is, would not involve any changes to the overall allocation to the cohesion policy for the 2007-2013 period.
The budgetary and debt crises of the Member States concerned have resulted in extreme situations where these countries are unable to implement key projects in the framework of cohesion and structural policy.
Cohesion policy is the only real mechanism available to the European Union to redistribute wealth.
I took an active part in the drafting of this regulation.
I consider that some elements of the proposal should be clarified and amendments tabled aimed at clarifying the text, with the addition of a definition of a risk-sharing instrument (in line with the recent compromise proposal for a Financial Regulation text) together with a detailed description of the procedure to be applied in order to establish and implement a risk-sharing instrument based on the legal patterns of existing risk-sharing instruments in other Union policies.
Cohesion policy is the only real mechanism available to the European Union to redistribute wealth.
The objective would be to provide capital contributions to cover expected and unexpected losses of loans and guarantees to be extended under a risk-sharing partnership with the European Investment Bank and/or other financial institutions, to which I fully agree.
The new agreement provides for access to these data to be available for only six months and for them to be deleted definitively after five years.
In other words, it is a clear denial of individual freedoms and quite simply legal madness.
The agreement will not only hand over the personal details of European citizens travelling to the US to the Department of Homeland Security, but it will in effect give this agency free rein to access information on passengers as they see fit.
I believe that there is legal uncertainty as to whether the draft Agreement complies with EU data protection legislation and thus as to whether it is compatible with the Treaties in this respect.
Barbara Matera (PPE), in writing.
I voted for the report on the Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base, given that European administrative rules are needed for taxation to get rid of some of the costs and provide investors with greater certainty.
The existence of a revision clause enables the Member States to verify whether the implementation of this directive is positive or negative for a market economy that generates growth and creates jobs.
The Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base is optional.
Leaving all the legal manoeuvres aside, the fact remains that this agreement allows the US side to download personal data on European citizens, and this sensitive data will then be available in the US without any real control over what happens to it thereafter.
Each Member State will apply its own tax rate to the share of the tax base assigned to it.
In addition, the longer term change to the age structure in the EU is significantly hampering the successful management of public finances.
I voted for Amendment 39, although the wording is inappropriate.
However, we must scrupulously see to it that information about private citizens is used only under strictly defined conditions and that its use is monitored and monitorable.
Phil Bennion (ALDE), in writing.
However, these minimum provisions still leave the Member States some scope in connection with taxation.
The European Commission’s proposal to restructure the framework for the taxation of energy products and electricity has been an extremely controversial issue, on which both national and industry interests have sharply conflicted.
Sometimes, the taxation system even encourages consumers to choose forms of energy which produce more pollution, such as coal.
If we want to safeguard the Member States’ to ensure funding for public duties, including the welfare state, we cannot allow such levels of lost taxation, particularly at a time of budgetary discipline and consolidation.
They must also guarantee that reciprocal cooperation will be established with the tax authorities, ensuring that they have the necessary resources to face up to and combat fraud.
Daniel Hannan (ECR).
You can cut tax, you can deregulate, you can – paradoxically – make it easier to fire people so that you encourage employers to hire people in the knowledge that they will not be lumbered with employees in the hard times.
It always causes factory prices to fall;
Some Members of this House are keen to harmonise and raise taxes at Member State and EU level, but they often seem to forget the fact that they are actually very keen on spending other people’s hard-earned money.
Mr President, this is how to transform a good idea can into a punishment for employees and their families.
I have written confirmation of my request to speak from this morning on the system so I have followed the Rules, but thank you for your patience and good humour.
eGovernment truly is a spearhead, not only for a ‘competitive digital single market’, but for the innovation of the European society as a whole.
On the other hand, we must acknowledge that sanctions are not a bad thing in and of themselves.
In addition to the European funding contributing to the EU-wide interoperability of eGovernment services, Member States have to ensure the necessary financial, technical and human resources for the implementation of high impact eGovernment services.
However, we acknowledge that new technological advances like the Internet are an important instrument and an asset for society.
Terrorism in the Sahel is fought actively by implementing the policies of development, social justice, the rule of law and integration.
Weapons and military equipment arrived in northern Mali following the military intervention of France, Great Britain, the United States and NATO in Libya, further igniting the tense internal situation.
The murder of President Amadou Toumani Touré in mid March has brought an end to the slow democratisation process in Mali, probably for a long period.
First of all, we need to coordinate the activities of all the aid organisations more effectively, so that they are not working at cross-purposes.
Alfredo Antoniozzi (PPE), in writing.
The invitation and presence of foreign observers and journalists, including a European Parliament representative, at the elections is proof of the willingness of the government of Burma/Myanmar to continue its process of reforms, which should be sustainable and irreversible.
However, according to the latest report of the UN Special Rapporteur on Human Rights, there are still serious human rights concerns that remain to be addressed: prisoners’ release, discrimination against ethnic groups, as well as poverty and development.
The by-elections of 1 April 2012, which were broadly deemed as free and fair by the international community, are, above all, an indication that Burma is on the path to democratic change.
In this text, we wanted to take stock of the unique opportunity that has presented itself in order to develop a privileged relationship with Burma.
The Commission should complement the criteria and strengthen the procedures for assessing the quality of the projects financed in order to increase the quality of aid and to further decrease the number of non-performing projects.
For example, I introduced this idea into the framework of the resolution on the reform of the European Neighbourhood Policy adopted in April 2011.
This own-initiative report calls for the gender issue to be taken into account in the fight against climate change.
Finally, it is essential to collect gender disaggregated data which will make the decision making better.
That is the position I support.
The report has shortcomings in this regard.
Mr Gerbrandy’s report was put to the vote today during the Strasbourg plenary session.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
In the light of the environmental and economic challenges that we must face up to, we must urgently put a stop to ITER financing.
The ITER project has a particular importance within the programme for a greener, more sustainable Europe, a key objective of the Europe 2020 strategy.
Damien Abad (PPE), in writing.
The rapporteur on higher education talks about highly qualified education, a term involving two completely different concepts which do not necessarily have a direct correlation.
According to Parliament, investment in university infrastructure might be cofinanced from the European Regional Development Fund and the European Social Fund.
(The sitting closed at 13.15)
An improved understanding of the links between climate change and women by means of a system for the collection of gender-disaggregated data would help identify the areas where we need to take action, in order to save energy and water resources which women use in a different way to men to satisfy the needs of their families.
In January 2011, the International Monetary Fund published a table that predicted the ten fastest growing economies in the world, and amongst them were seven African countries with the highest birth rates.
Just as development cannot be solely about economic growth, sustainability cannot be solely about protecting the environment.
Alfreds Rubiks (GUE/NGL).
That is the procedure.
The next financial framework must make the necessary resources available to fund the strategy.
Ultimately, I believe that Europe must send a message to the world that we need sustainable management.
Mr President, the 10-year Environment Action Programme has helped to increase the focus on the connection between the environment and health.
Let us make a real start on that one at Rio+20.
We want to strengthen European democracy.
We want to remind ourselves that we are a community of values.
But what are we actually celebrating when, in many cases, we do not defend European achievements resolutely enough, we do not agree on the European values once held in common, and we do not stand up for one another when real solidarity is needed?
We no longer have the resources.
It will also not help consumers if operators do not have enough money in future to invest in new, faster networks.
Vladko Todorov Panayotov (ALDE).
However, the new rules on roaming may remove the doubts of some of these people and show them that actually, the EU is able to put measures in place which benefit citizens and consumers.
So I would like to compliment Ms Niebler on her report and add my voice to her requests to publicise our achievement – we have reached agreement between all the political groups – and to publicise it in particular among the citizens, because this will help them understand what the European Union does for them.
Under the new rules, mobile users are empowered to pick the roaming provider right for their travel needs, separately from their domestic provider.
So this is a big step forward.
For these reasons, I thank the rapporteur, Ms Niebler, for her skill and her great capabilities at mediation, but most of all, for having attained the aims that have been achieved, given the importance of this issue.
Mr President, it is important that, in today’s debate on Lampedusa, we have again raised the immigration issues which the previous plenary addressed in the debate on the situation in Greece.
It is because international libel cases are a reality throughout our Member States.
This is precisely what the Islamists, whose organisation extends into even the smallest rural villages, have promised.
Last year, I had preparations stepped up for negotiations on deep and comprehensive free trade areas with the four WTO members undergoing democratic transition.
Mr President, the social changes that the Arab Spring has brought to the southern Mediterranean have, to some extent, changed the political landscape in this region.
Mr President, a lot of interesting remarks have been made and I have taken good note of them, but I am not going to respond to them in detail because the Members who put the questions are no longer here, so they cannot hear me.
It has been negotiated without any scrutiny by our group, the ALDE Group.
We must prevent this from happening.
Turkish expansionism is putting the European legal order at risk.
Putin is behaving like a self-proclaimed tsar, beating and arresting protesters who might cast a shadow over his crowning celebrations, and Yanukovych has turned to medieval practices of torturing political opponents.
Russia’s membership of the WTO carries significant importance for the EU as the Russian Federation is the EU’s largest trading partner in many sectors.
This situation represents the ease with which social media can invade many people’s privacy without them leaving their desks, but can also make the public more vulnerable.
In a democratic society, legal remedies must be available when these freedoms are abused and each Member State should ensure that such remedies exist and are effective where such rights are breached.
Today, technological development and the resultant boom in Internet use have given rise to new ways of infringing personality rights.
Every Member State must ensure that these remedies are available and effective in the event of infringement of these rights.
Inês Cristina Zuber (GUE/NGL), in writing.
One such regulation concerns quantitative limitations on imports of certain steel products, especially flat-rolled sheets, from Russia which have been in existence since 2007 (EC Regulation 1342/2007).
This balanced report, adopted by a large majority, introduces ambitious proposals with a view to strengthening Euro-Mediterranean relations: the ‘more for more’ approach linking the political and economic dimensions, the active participation of civil society, support for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), particularly through the European Investment Bank (EIB), the promotion of the European Neighbourhood Facility for Agriculture and Rural Development and regional integration.
I voted for the report on the EU trade and investment strategy for the Southern Mediterranean following the Arab Spring revolutions.
Today, I voted against the motion for a resolution on bio-patents.
Somali territorial waters and the adjacent coast are largely ungoverned, which allows piracy to flourish with impunity and affect the global maritime sector.
This is a very important issue affecting many of Europe’s seafarers, and I am glad the matter is being raised again by Parliament so that we push forward with more effective solutions for this issue.
They work on a daily basis to develop trade and global growth.
Making the OJ official and authentic will provide better public access to European Union legal acts, thereby increasing legal certainty and reducing access costs for citizens and businesses, since online consultation of an official and authentic version will always be free.
The reform will also increase legal certainty and reduce access costs for citizens and businesses.
I consider it unacceptable that the electronic version of the legislation is not legally binding.
Currently, almost everyone consults just the electronic form of EU legal acts.
I share Mr Bradbourn’s stance on the monopolisation of many regional airports by individual airlines and their isolation by the transport network.
So, hopefully, families and businesses across Europe will no longer face the prospect of being ripped off every time they use their phones abroad and return to find astronomical bills waiting on them.
There are 117 Luxembourg officials in total out of 5 540 posts…
The European Development Funds still constitute the EU’s main instrument for granting development aid to African, Caribbean and Pacific countries.
It is very important that, following reorganisation, the Court of Auditors has reduced the annual cost of security services by EUR 500 000, while ensuring more effective delivery of services and better risk control.
This aspect is crucial for avoiding future controversies like the one currently ongoing between Italy and India, and to defend the prerogatives of military personnel deployed in Operation Atalanta and as Vessel Protection Detachments (VPDs) on merchant vessels.
In the interests of enhanced transparency, it is important for declarations of financial interests of members of all institutions to be made accessible on the Internet, and to be updated regularly.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
Given the far-reaching change made to the organisation of the staff in 2010, the EDPS is encouraged to inform the European Parliament of the performance of its new staff.
In practice, the EDPS’s powers can be divided into three main areas: oversight, consultation and cooperation.
The same should be done for all persons in management positions in the agencies and for all experts and scientific guests.
However, I acknowledge Cedefop’s observations that the IAC functions are now covered either by external contractors – for example, an audit of Cedefop’s financial software (FIBUS) was contracted out and concluded in 2011 – or by internal project groups.
Given that the ECDC’s budget increased by 17.5% in 2010, the centre should make better use of the appropriations it is allocated.
The centre must address the high level of carryover, as they have a negative impact on the implementation of the budget and are at odds with the principle of annuality.
However, I agree with the rapporteur that the ECHA should comply with the recommendations made to it as regards granting discharge for 2009.
The Court of Auditors stated that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2010 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
I am voting for this report.
Therefore, I cannot agree with the content of this regulation, which could further compound the difficulties of our businesses.
Zigmantas Balčytis (S&D), in writing.
As regards imports of certain iron or steel fasteners from China, it has taken into account the fact that the Council’s Basic Anti-Dumping Regulation was inconsistent with certain provisions of the World Trade Organisation (WTO) Anti-Dumping Agreement.
I voted for this report, which emphasises that the foundation’s main activity involves contributing to the establishment of better living and working conditions by increasing and disseminating knowledge relevant to this subject through networks and surveys.
The regulation imposing anti-dumping measures shall specify the duty for each supplier or, if that is impracticable, the supplying country concerned.
Véronique Mathieu (PPE), in writing.
I supported the granting of discharge at both the Committee vote and the vote in plenary.
I voted for this report granting the Executive Director of the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking discharge in respect of the implementation of its budget for the financial year 2010.
I voted in favour of discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking for the financial year 2010 because discharge is granted to the Joint Undertaking’s Executive Director in respect of the implementation of the Joint Undertaking’s budget for 2010 and approval is given to the closure of its 2010 accounts.
It is the responsibility of the Court of Auditors to provide the discharge authority with follow-up information on the comments it has made for each of the joint undertakings in their respective reports on the annual accounts for the financial year 2011.
The discharge report notes that the financial audit was completed properly and that the inspection revealed no major deficiencies.
I voted in favour of discharge for the ‘Fuel Cells and Hydrogen’ (FCH) Joint Undertaking since the European Court of Auditors expressed no reservations regarding the reliability of its accounts or the legality and regularity of the underlying transactions.
We also need one-stop transparency: we need a single website that publishes all the beneficiaries of EU funds on the basis of standard categories of information to be supplied by all the Member States in at least one working language of the Union.
Since the single market should be a space operating, in the first place, in the interests of the consumer and not those of big business, I support the new measures put forward in the agreement because it seems to me that the time has finally come to remove the barriers to free competition and open the market to new operators.
It seeks to go further than the Commission and proposes a lower price ceiling for roaming voice services.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
thirdly, pre-financing;
Despite this, however, under one of the headings, a specific heading, the heading for fish markets, number 1102, had very little execution, for which the Commission gave some quite satisfactory explanations, but these do not suggest that there will be much change in the following years.
We are speaking about the agencies, which form an important part of the European institutional superstructure.
Finally, a few brief comments on the European Environment Agency.
Marta Andreasen, on behalf of the EFD Group.
Monika Hohlmeier (PPE).
We need clear rules.
We would request that this proposal be acted on.
I would say that there is a disproportionate political reaction between what is going on in the European agencies and what the rapporteur would like the actual situation to be.
Being responsible for budgetary control, Parliament cannot ignore these cases.
The Commission regrets the appointment of Ms Diána Bánáti as an executive director of the International Life of Science Institute, as that position is clearly incompatible with her role at the EU Food Safety Authority.
The case just mentioned by Commissioner Šemeta is one that once again throws some pertinent light on the situation.
An error level of 3.4% is limited but remains a source of concern for both this House and the Commission.
These positive results do not form an exception to the rule;
Today, we must therefore put things back on track together and make them more effective.
There must also be adequate implementation as well as cross-border synergy between various national administrations.
I expect the Commission to continue to ask our Canadian partners this question in the remaining rounds of negotiations, particularly in light of the forthcoming changes to Canadian migration legislation, of guaranteeing the principle of reciprocity and, of course, of the trade agreement being debated.
I would like to finish by thanking all the shadow rapporteurs who played a part in drafting this report, as well as the staff of the political groups and my personal assistant.
Mr President, I would like to join Ms Borsellino in fiercely condemning this weekend’s atrocities in Brindisi.
We are also preparing, for the end of this year, reforms of Cepol, Europol and Eurojust, which would – as you call for – improve the cooperation between police agencies, but also on a national level.
The Internet obviously provides a vital infrastructure, and its disruption could result in heavy losses and risks to citizens’ safety.
It is just as important to monitor consistency and coherence.
to the transport sector, on which vulnerable persons often still encounter difficulties when travelling;
Do not listen to those who will tell you that the only alternative is for Greece to stay in the euro.
Reinhard Bütikofer (Verts/ALE).
These reforms will cause some pain, but in the long run, they will bring in money instead of costing it.
Sooner rather than later, we need to tackle research and innovation, investment in infrastructure, utilising unspent European funds and the role of the European Investment Bank, including in relation to project bonds.
They were dramatically wrong because this euro crisis started with Greece, a country that has an economy representing only 2% of European GDP, but today we are facing another crisis with Spain, which is the fourth economy of the eurozone, and with Italy, the third economy of the eurozone.
I think this is nonsense.
This is particularly true in the Mediterranean.
I wholeheartedly welcome the position of the rapporteur who feels that the EU should not wait for the ICCAT initiatives but should adopt alone robust precautionary measures in keeping with the UN Fish Stocks Agreement.
President.
I fully support the initiative undertaken by the Commission to secure better investment rules and relations between the EU and China.
One of those is trade imbalance and this report deals with it well.
China is growing, with a GDP of 8%, exploiting its workers and producing in an unregulated fashion;
Thirdly, China accounts for 97% of the world production in commodities, and we know the problem in relation to rare earth exports.
the impotence of European trade policy;
Philippe De Backer, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
Bendt Bendtsen, on behalf of the PPE Group.
This is why creating new jobs in sectors such as energy, the construction of buildings, infrastructure and equipment, transport and communications provides economic development projects capable of reducing the regional imbalances and development inequalities in the European Union.
Zuzana Roithová (PPE), Blue-card question.
Here, I would like to mention the Criminal Procedure Code which has been adopted.
Mr Schulz, I hope you have noted the fact that I did not express a naïve hope, but that I called on the Commission to make it entirely clear how it intends to monitor the election process.
However, there is also much that I cannot support;
I believe that the current crisis must not pose an obstacle to creating this instrument, but quite the opposite.
I also welcome proposals to strengthen the links with international organisations, such as NATO, and to encourage Member States to communicate their security strategies.
All of this seems to me a denial of very real problems.
While the Treaty of Lisbon communitarised this matter, to the extent that the Treaty permits the EU to make use of it to strengthen the implementation of its policies, criminal law remains at the heart of national sovereignty and the diversity of national laws does not make the task easy.
In 2005, seven EU countries signed the Prüm Convention to share fingerprint, DNA and vehicle licence data, but under the German Presidency in 2008, these measures were subsumed into the police and judicial cooperation provisions of EU law.
It is crucial that any European criminal law legislation guarantees the rights afforded by the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the European Convention on Human Rights, while also respecting the different legal systems and traditions of each Member State.
It makes suggestions about, for example, strengthening pre-contractual and contractual information requirements, and a stronger right of withdrawal when the provider or seller has not, inter alia, made the relevant information available clearly and comprehensibly.
Instead, the decision must be made on the basis of each individual situation.
it is fundamental to define a framework to ensure the protection of consumers, above all, in situations of sectoral or temporary vulnerability, but with respect for their freedom and right to choose, and therefore this report has to be supported, which I did by my vote in favour.
It is a fact that banknotes appear to be more difficult to forge than coins;
Lastly, I wholeheartedly endorse the report’s recommendations on the Single Market Assistance Services.
Putting this body in place would be complex and would create uncertainty, as Commissioner Barnier said in his speech yesterday.
Although we use computers more and more, there are still people for whom human contact is important.
The Commission has also devoted considerable effort towards providing fast and efficient information portals to ensure that citizens and businesses are well-equipped to benefit from the single market.
In 2007, the Heads of State or Government focused on the objective of not exceeding a 1% transposition deficit.
Julie Girling (ECR).
According to the UN Women report, violence against women in Turkey is more common than in Europe and in the United States.
I also welcome the rise in the number of female members of the Turkish Parliament, from 9.1% in the 2007 elections to 14.3% following the 2011 elections.
Inês Cristina Zuber (GUE/NGL), in writing.
In this way, EU citizens will have the possibility of directly communicating the problems they consider important, and EU institutions will be able to respond directly and in various ways.
The main objective of this report is, quite rightly, to introduce the necessary amendments to Parliament’s Rules of Procedure to regulate organising and holding these hearings.
In Lithuania, organisers of citizens’ initiatives have to collect 300 000 signatures in three months (11.4% of the entire population).
I voted against paragraph 41.
the fight against cybercrime;
Vilija Blinkevičiūtė (S&D), in writing.
Syed Kamall (ECR), in writing.
That means having an exit strategy for countries such as Greece and others on how to re-introduce their own currencies and coins for circulation.
The current crisis in Guinea-Bissau clearly reveals once more an attempt by the military to get involved in civilian affairs and gain control of the political affairs of the country.
Indeed, these two forces are interconnected.
We are all, surely, in favour of Europe moving away from dumping waste in landfills.
I think we need to look more carefully at the causes here.
Does Mr Krahmer have information to suggest that the European Central Bank is printing too many euro?
We know that – in relative terms – Europe is more dependent on imported resources than other regions.
We obviously share the belief that we cannot rely on sustained growth without a transition to a more efficient use of natural resources.
As Olli Rehn said in his speech a day ago, if we had a silver bullet, we would already have fired it, but we do not have it so we have to work consistently and patiently.
Alternatively, what about the EUR 82 billion that has not been spent from the Structural Funds?
Perhaps, Commissioner, we should engage in a little self-criticism.
Everyone wants German pay, German hospitals and German pensions, but no one is concerned that they are not achieving German productivity.
In reply to Mr Alves, from Portugal, I recently received two state secretaries and if you contact my Chef de Cabinet, we can give you much more concrete information about our engagement with Portugal.
I would like to simply reiterate the fact that Parliament has already made its position regarding this tax very clear through several resolutions and decisions.
Thirdly, the Commission would not support the exemption of UCITS and pension funds.
I would particularly like to urge the Council to take seriously the voices of our citizens, of our electorate, and to work towards this actually being introduced and not to block the introduction of this tax because of the British position or other positions.
I am prepared to pay more taxes but they have to be fair and they have to be good taxes.
Mr President, from an ethical and moral standpoint, a measure that hits those who use financial speculation to get rich is certainly right and proper.
Therefore, let us make the right choice today, one which the citizens will welcome.
All these questions have been raised about the good intentions and good ideas behind this proposal, and we should reflect on them, naturally.
That would mean that the national contributions will be decreased, which, at the end of the day, would bring the entire revenue from the financial transaction tax to the national budgets.
Stricter and more effective measures need to be taken at international and EU level in order to bring about a marked improvement in maritime safety.
Sergio Paolo Francesco Silvestris (PPE), in writing.
Oil slicks due to oil tanker accidents, such as those involving the Erika in 1999 and the Prestige in 2002, result in the destruction of marine and coastal biodiversity and are justification enough for the accelerated phasing-in of design requirements for oil tankers.
Marie-Christine Vergiat (GUE/NGL), in writing.
I supported this report with my vote because I recognise the urgency of completing the agreement and consider the rapporteur’s proposal a positive one.
I voted against this report because I do not think that a financial transaction tax would be effective, except if it were applied across the whole of the EU.
José Manuel Fernandes (PPE), in writing.
I voted against the proposal for a Council directive on a common system of financial transaction tax as I believe this tax to be ill-considered and that it would only make the European Union’s enormous economic problems worse.
A common system for taxing financial transactions could provide much needed income at a time of economic austerity.
Nuno Melo (PPE), in writing.
In the past decade, there has been an increase in short-term transactions and highly speculative transactions in particular.
A particular feature of the transformation of the financial sector has been its detachment from the real economy.
I have long advocated this tax, even when it was politically incorrect, as during the 2009 electoral campaign.
On the other hand, the text calls for the tax to be better designed to ensure that more operators are subject to it and that tax avoidance is a low-return venture.
I agree with the rapporteur that China’s economic development and its accession to the WTO entail not only benefits but also the responsibility to play a positive role in the global economic order.
It is therefore very important to bring the provisions of the EU-China cooperation agreement into line with the current economic situation.
While, in the sphere of bilateral relations, it is inevitable that countries should define themselves in relation to the other, this is all the more true of China, whose internal tensions are intertwined with foreign and security policy, trade policy, energy policy and monetary policy.
The Chinese economy has grown significantly over the last 30 years.
China has declared publicly that it aims to become the largest power on the planet by the end of the century.
Every possible barrier is being put up against the European companies seeking an opportunity to enter the Chinese market, and extremely complex Chinese regulations and almost a total lack of transparency are making it impossible for European companies to participate in public procurement in China.
Peter Jahr (PPE).
Restrictions on rare earth exports, of which China accounts for 97% of world production, must be remedied.
Christine De Veyrac (PPE), in writing.
Justas Vincas Paleckis (S&D), in writing.
The right of inquiry is a very important element of a parliament’s supervisory powers.
Silvia-Adriana Ţicău (S&D), in writing.
Julie Girling (ECR).
The main objective of this report is to transpose into EU law the amendments set out by the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT), a multilateral organisation for the management of tuna fisheries, in its multiannual recovery plan for bluefin tuna stocks.
In November 2010, the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT) amended its multiannual recovery plan for the eastern stock of bluefin tuna.
This report favours the establishment of a financial transaction tax that will burden the financial sector with new taxes.
It also highlights the fact that in the EU there are occasions when the fundamental rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people are not always fully upheld, and it therefore calls on Member States to ensure that those people are protected from homophobic hate speech and violence, and to ensure that same-sex couples enjoy the same respect, dignity and protection as the rest of society.
For example, issues of marriage and the recognition of civil status documents are a matter of subsidiarity for Member States only.
Madam President, I voted in favour of this document and hope that the guidelines it contains are followed.
This includes protection from hate speech and violence, discrimination in schools, free movement in the European Union, and indeed we believe same-sex couples are better protected under the law if they have access to legal recognition.
We have added new mandatory contributions.
The accelerated degradation of the environment, the destruction of natural capital and the loss of biodiversity that we are condemning today are the result of the over-exploitation of natural resources.
We must make resource efficiency and sustainability a top priority in innovation programs both at European and at national level.
More broadly, the Commission aims to guarantee the transition to a low carbon, resource-efficient economy.
Madam President, I voted in favour of this motion for a resolution because youth unemployment is one of the most pressing economic problems of recent times.
By adopting today the Gerbrandy report on improving the use of natural resources, the European Parliament has sent out a clear message: the increasing scarcity of resources is a reality, but it is not inevitable.
In order to successfully face such challenges, Europe must invest in its youth population and put forward immediate and effective actions to prevent and combat the high levels of youth unemployment.
In Latvia, in 2011, 29.9% of young people were unemployed.
I wish to draw attention to the need of examining measures that hinder the functioning of the internal market within the EU.
According to Eurostat, there were more than 5.5 million unemployed young people in the European Union in March 2012, equivalent to an unemployment rate of 22.6%.
The causes of the pay gap are complex and multiple: direct and indirect discrimination, social and economic factors, undervaluing of women’s work, inequality in the balancing of work and private life, and traditions and stereotyping.
Moreover, the gender pay gap varies between 4.4% and 27.6%, a huge range that is cause for concern.
I have therefore voted in favour of Edit Bauer’s proposal.
Diogo Feio (PPE), in writing.
The Agreement on the free movement of persons concluded between Switzerland and the European Union in 1999 (henceforth referred to as ‘the Agreement’) provides for the possibility of imposing quotas on residence permits if, in a given year, the number of residence permits granted exceeds the average of the previous three years by at least 10%.
Under no circumstances can I accept that the EU forces third countries to adopt the very measures that have led us into this crisis.
Macro-financial assistance should include measures to improve the beneficiary countries’ commitment to common values with the Union, including democracy, the rule of law, good governance, respect for human rights, the fight against forced child labour, support for sustainable development and poverty reduction, as well as to the principles of open, rules-based and fair trade.
Financial assistance is predominantly aimed at funding the recommendations made by the IMF and its policy of structural adjustment;
I support the resolution.
The European Parliament must encourage the EU’s direct neighbours to incorporate the Community acquis on human rights, freedom of the press and democracy.
Strengthening the rule of law and an independent judiciary, as well as initiating a credible fight against corruption, are essential not only to the deepening of EU-Ukraine relations but also to the consolidation of democracy in Ukraine.
At the same time, however, the resolution does not make any call to boycott the Euro 2012 championship in Ukraine, in spite of the fact that several politicians have declared they will not participate in the celebrations.
This is the power of sport, to unite in diversity and this is the motto of the European Union, ‘United In Diversity’.
Please vote in favour of the resolution put forward by the progressive parties, because we support the International Commission on Human Rights but we do not criticise a country for something it has not yet done and, if it does so, it would be exercising its sovereignty.
Mr President, as part of these discussions on Venezuela’s decision to withdraw from an inter-American human rights organisation, I would like to draw Parliament’s attention to the fact that very important trade negotiations are currently under way between two trade blocks, the European Union and Mercosur, comprising Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay, and that Venezuela is a candidate for accession to Mercosur.
That it is politically biased, and has called the country to account much more over recent months than it had done, previously, over a period of 30 years, although the situation, according to Venezuela, has not deteriorated in any way.
Raül Romeva i Rueda, deputising for the author.
I think this discussion is very useful, but we must have another one, with a much wider scope, on precise criteria we apply to association agreements and suitable economic policies.
Véronique De Keyser (S&D), blue-card answer.
In China, several people who have helped North Korean refugees have been arrested and convicted.
Joanna Senyszyn, on behalf of the S&D Group.
(For the results and other details on the vote: see Minutes)
The question is how?
Women must have equal opportunity in the workplace.
According to a survey done for Slovenia, men have an average of 27 hours of free time a week while women have 21.
It is unbelievable that, even today, this gap is almost 28% in some EU Member States and, moreover, that it is still widening in many countries.
Madam President, it is sad that, even after many years of efforts made by the European Parliament, there is still discrimination in many EU States against the fairer sex in employment relations.
I expect the Commission to come here and say, “We have a problem and I am going to do my utmost to ensure that the European Union does not let itself split from other countries and allow other countries to exploit this chasm.”
Mr President, Switzerland is a sovereign state and has had the sense to avoid becoming a member of the EU Soviet.
The second, related to access to economic activity, we are putting today to our European neighbour, Switzerland, which has decided to re-establish quantitative limitations on the long-term residence permits granted to nationals of the eight EU Member States which joined the EU in 2004, including my own country, Latvia.
That is the legislative procedure overseen in this House by Mr Coelho, as rapporteur.
We do need to make that absolutely crystal clear as part of the scoping exercise before we begin negotiations.
Andrew Henry William Brons (NI).
Jarosław Leszek Wałęsa, on behalf of the PPE Group.
There are, of course, some disappointments, but I will reserve those for another day.
In agreements such as this, no one is ever 100% satisfied.
The compromise found with the Council does not resolve this issue and that is why I call upon my colleagues to vote in favour of the three amendments that will be tabled on this text.
In that connection, we have incorporated appropriate safety nets in those areas in which there is a competitive environment for our industrial products, so that we can very confidently say that we are granting unilateral advantages without jeopardising any jobs within the European Union.
Why, then, has the Commission removed this criterion?
Here, too, we in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance have tabled an amendment, which I hope will meet with a great deal of support.
We do this with constant echoes in all our resolutions;
Eighteen of them were carried out only in English.
The Commission has so far offered 23 public consultations.
At the same time, the Serbian Parliament parties need to get their act together and form an efficient government soon.
A German cushion in the form of eurobonds does not amount to a rejection, but a condition.
Arkadiusz Tomasz Bratkowski (PPE).
This means that shale gas is a great opportunity for Europe and Poland.
Mr President, I would first of all like to congratulate Mr Cortés Lastra on his excellent report.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in connection with the report just presented, I would like to say a few words about the role and importance of human rights in the bilateral relations of the EU.
This was also mentioned by Ms Harkin in her speech.
The report under discussion leaves no room for doubt – the EU powers that be have done all they can for energy prices to rise.
The European Union and the High Representative undertake very many initiatives in the area of protecting and promoting human rights.
During my visit last week to Pakistan, I raised the issues of the need to protect and promote the rights of women, to abolish the death penalty and to make good on the promise of legislative changes.
In terms of the representations that honourable Members have made about the issues and countries of greatest concern, I have taken note of all of them.
Adopting a multilateral legal instrument will allow higher standards to be applied and ensure greater transparency in this area.
This also contradicts the existing practice in the EU, where NGOs and think tanks cooperate freely with EU working groups.
I do not think that the changes that have taken place in the region are going to provide Israel with a more favourable context in future for resuming the negotiations.
Graham Watson (ALDE).
This is evident in the volume of trade between Russia and Syria, which has risen from USD 220 million to USD 2 billion a year over the last five years.
Syria is being martyred while barbarity is invited to the table of a regime clinging on to power.
I join Mr Millán Mon, Commissioner, in asking: what resources do we have, how can we force its hand so that the European Union finally invests more in preventive diplomacy and brings to bear all its influence to reduce the risk of war spreading across the region – and I am thinking, obviously, about Lebanon?
It must be made obvious to his followers that they should distance themselves from him if they want to have a future, so that a peaceful solution can be reached within Syria, which is not possible with Assad in place.
Can the Vice-President encourage Arab states to pay more, perhaps by the incentive of bringing the Arab League into the otherwise ineffective Quartet?
She quite rightly points to the EU humanitarian aid that has been given to Syria and I look forward to a time when she comes back to this House and explains to us how it has been administered and how she has monitored its effectiveness.
The mutiny by some elements in the Congolese armed forces – effectively, former rebels returning to the bush – has caused renewed fighting in the Kivus.
The declaration that was made a few days ago is a clear sign that we want to continue to play a constructive role as a regional actor in the Great Lakes.
I am thinking here, in particular, about training specialists in such areas as medicine, land reclamation or geology.
Some of them are absolutely reasonable and right, but you did not mention two major issues that were contained in my report: firstly, the issue of the peace process.
It is Putin’s.
It did so because this institution, together with the Commission – and I would like to add my thanks to the Commissioner – has always been the institution that has defended the European accomplishment that is freedom of movement.
This Parliament does not want to take notice of the problems caused by cross-border crime.
That fairytale does not exist and that is why we need to resolutely persevere.
It is assumed that an attempt will be made to include the content of the Fiscal Compact in EU secondary legislation.
Therefore, one of the most important provisions of Hungary’s new Basic Law is the incorporation of budgetary limits.
This is why I call on all Members of this Parliament who believe in the European project to vote in favour not only of the two reports, but also of the European Redemption Fund.
I think it is vital for us to find out how widespread volunteering is in areas such as cultural heritage, the environment and sport, and to make sure that in European tenders, the work of voluntary associations can be considered as a form of cofinancing for the purposes of being eligible for such tenders.
I also agree with the rapporteur that this would not help to solve our current problems, but merely put them off to a later date.
I voted for draft amending budget (DAB) No 2 for the year 2012 which covers the mobilisation of the EU Solidarity Fund for an amount of EUR 18 061 682 in commitment and payment appropriations relating to flooding in Italy (Liguria and Tuscany) in October 2011.
To this end, I consider three initiatives proposed in the report to be key: the establishment of a centralised portal on volunteering, the creation of a European Humanitarian Aid Corps and the development of a European Skills Passport.
The application meets all the eligibility criteria set out in Regulation (EC) No 2012/2002.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
When it comes to natural disasters that have claimed victims and destroyed entire towns considered to be ‘tourist gems’, the time used to decide on the procedures and to determine the amount of aid is always too long, though we should acknowledge that both the Italian authorities and the bodies of the various European institutions acted without delay.
The living conditions of the citizens in these regions will thus be returned to normal and economic activity, such as tourism, will be able to resume.
It is my hope that through such strategies, we can continue to nurture and grow our volunteering sector, making it easier for people to contribute their time and views to create the kind of society in which we all want to live.
Syed Kamall (ECR).
While the agreement with Latin America is not perfect – as there are a few points that could have been changed – overall, it is an agreement worthy of support.
The need for volunteers also arises, unfortunately, from the natural and environmental disasters that frequently afflict Europe and often have an impact on several Member States at the same time.
Nevertheless, I would like to point out that volunteering must not be an alternative to regular, paid work and must not constitute a reason for the governments of Member States failing to fulfil their social obligations.
Jan Kozłowski (PPE), in writing.
There are currently 100 million European citizens working in voluntary activities;
People of all ages are active as volunteers, whether in the social sphere or in sport, and they often fail to reflect on the value ​​that their work generates.
José Manuel Fernandes (PPE), in writing.
I therefore agree with the report in that we need to devote greater attention to this and we need to pool common EU forces and promote cross-border cooperation, ensuring the protection of critical infrastructure – not just physically but in computer networks.
Updates in European legislation also need to keep pace with technology, which is only possible if the various Member States cooperate fully.
The objective is to improve the protection and knowledge of security breaches in specific sectors of the European economy.
Moreover, it advocates coordinated positions in international forums under the aegis of the promotion of ‘core values’, in which NATO, the United Nations and the World Bank are involved, among others.
Therefore, I think that the European Union and Member States need to step up their efforts in this area to achieve an effective, dynamic level of research activity.
It will also be in a better position to influence the prices offered and, as a result, defend more successfully the interests of its consumers.
I voted in favour because today, energy has become a strong weapon of foreign policy.
As such, we must focus on a true common energy policy.
Søren Bo Søndergaard (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The aim of mobilising funds must also be to coordinate measures, based on a sufficient evaluation of needs.
Madam President, first of all, I would like to offer my sincere congratulations to the rapporteur for his very good work on this report.
who will be able to live up to the role of Special Representative in this initial period.
We have to use opportunities offered by the UN at the global level to strengthen our foreign policy and achieve its goals more effectively.
Taking into account the EU’s support for the ‘Education for All’ initiative and its commitment to playing a role in global health, 20% of all EU assistance needs to be earmarked for basic social services, with a special focus on free, universal access to primary health care and education.
This will allow us to ensure that it is developing countries truly in need that can enjoy preferential treatment.
I think that the aim of this key trade instrument – the generalised scheme of tariff preferences – must be to enable developing countries to participate more fully in international trade, thereby generating additional export revenue to support income growth and the implementation of their own sustainable development and poverty reduction policy strategies.
On this path, we now need everything we can obtain to take us towards greater joint responsibility.
We need to make it clear to the citizens of Europe that we must all consider it important that the clear rules on budgetary discipline are respected, but also that initiatives are taken to promote growth.
Like the Ferreira report on the other component of this ‘two-pack’, this report also proposes several amendments to setting out that, ‘in defining and implementing its policies and actions, the Union is to take into account requirements linked to the promotion of a high level of employment’.
I agree that the Member States must comply with the Stability and Growth Pact (SGP) and improve coordination of their fiscal policies.
However, participation in such a fund must be associated with clear and strict rules, such as were contained in the proposal made by the German Council of Economic Experts to the German Government in autumn 2011.
The wording alone, which states that ‘the enforcement of budgetary surveillance should always be subject to overarching objectives of the EU and, in particular, to the requirements of Article 9 TFEU related to the promotion of a high level of employment, the guarantee of adequate social protection’, expressly bears witness to the fact that, right from the outset, there has been no consideration of this whatsoever.
I supported the adoption of this text, which authorises our European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) to help our Mediterranean neighbours to rebuild their economies, and thus their democracies.
The task of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) has so far been to provide the countries of Central and Eastern Europe and those in the Commonwealth of Independent States with financial support as they move towards a free market economy with private and entrepreneurial activity, focusing on the promotion of competition, privatisation and entrepreneurship.
Despite this, I would like to send my most heartfelt hopes to the Spanish people.
That was clearly to be seen in the debate we had in the EPP Group last night, and again today in what my colleagues said.
Part IV, entitled ‘Organisation and structure of the financial framework: A structure to reflect priorities’, mentions the structure of the next MFF, which should ‘facilitate both planning continuity and flexibility within and between headings, and avoid the failures of the current MFF, particularly with regard to shortfalls in subheading 1a ‘Competitiveness for Growth and Employment’, subheading 3b ‘Citizenship’ and heading 4 ‘External relations’’.
It praises the EU budget and its priorities, which we rejected and to which we proposed alternatives.
more solidarity.
What we do not need is to reduce the Member States’ contributions to the European budget.
Japan is in an exceptional economic situation: public debt is almost twice as high as GDP, but this is almost exclusively internal debt.
To that end, a group was created to define the scope, so as to assess the shared understanding on the scope and level of ambition of potential EU-Japan trade negotiations.
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
We are pleased that the paragraph we proposed on rejecting ‘any outside attempts to exploit the present situation and hence to undermine the sovereignty of Guinea-Bissau’s people and the territorial integrity and independence of Guinea-Bissau’ has been included.
I voted for this resolution, which expresses its deep concern at the humanitarian situation created by the fighting between Sudan and South Sudan, and the continued fighting in the states of Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile in Sudan, and strongly condemns all acts of violence committed against civilians in violation of international humanitarian law and human rights law.
It is important now that we have an openness of approach and that we try to reach a full FTA with Japan, in the interests of our own economy, in the interests of their economy and in the interests of democracy.
While the appointment of the European Union Special Representative (EUSR) for Human Rights and the establishment of his/her mandate is formally a Council decision based on a proposal by the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, I voted for this recommendation because I believe the EUSR should act and speak on behalf of the EU, reflecting the shared and indivisible responsibility of all EU institutions and Member States to protect and promote human rights worldwide.
I should also like to express my desire for Parliament to play ‘its role’ in the appointment procedure and the oversight of the mandate of the representative during his/her entire term.
The mandate should be flexible, strong and ensure independence in order to act swiftly and decisively to promote democracy, the rule of law, international justice and international humanitarian law worldwide.
We have to make sure that the new Special Representative does not become another passive bureaucrat.
The DRC deserves a better future.
The creation of internationally agreed standards to ensure that conventional weapons are only imported, exported and transferred for appropriate use would, I believe, have a very positive impact.
It is currently chaired by the Portuguese Dr Vítor Caldeira.
But what do governments and what do institutions such as the EU do?
Vito Bonsignore (PPE), in writing.
We shall not succeed collectively if, in the Member States, we feel that there is a diktat drawn up in Brussels which ignores the political realities of our countries.
It also advocated cutting unemployment benefit, in a country where unemployment has hit historic levels because of the policies imposed by the European Union and the IMF;
I would like to end by joining the call for consistent transposition of the regulations.
In this area, however, it has been announced anyway that we will receive a specific proposal from the European Commission in the foreseeable future.
This plan will cover our thinking on the future of company law and also our current work on corporate governance.
A first initiative will involve non-financial transparency of companies, with a key element being the obligation on companies to make known their diversity policy on management boards.
Cecilia Wikström, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Lately, Parliament has been waiting, with some impatience, for a legislative proposal to set out the measures to facilitate companies’ cross-border mobility.
Thomas Händel (GUE/NGL).
The economy in my country, Portugal, is suffering an unprecedented contraction, and unemployment among men, women and young people is reaching historic levels.
Over the course of the debate, my colleagues will go into more detail.
If you look at how wages or the role of demand is put forward in the employment package, or to give another example, the role of employment governance in the EU with the involvement of the social partners, I believe these open up new opportunities and the capacity to focus better on all levels and more efficiently on job creation and quality jobs.
The size of the reallocation exercise is close to half a billion euro, and this is not for the entire country but just for one of the regions where the situation is most serious.
Referring in its communication of 19 April on employment to the importance of the minimum wage and decent working conditions, the Commission distances itself from the austerity strategy and deregulation of the labour market which certain European states continue to pursue.
These touch on a number of key areas, including youth employment and unemployment, education, training, skills development and labour movement, to name but a few.
In the context of decentralised cooperation, I had the opportunity to work with associations in Africa and came face to face with the reality of female genital mutilation, about which Ms De Keyser has just spoken.
The mutilations are, at last, considered a blight, a form of child abuse, a violation of human rights, and a form of gender-based violence.
Now, we are told, ‘All right, if you have own resources, we will give all these resources back to the Member States’.
It does not in any way prejudge the size of the budget or decision-making procedures for those instruments, nor does it prejudge the expenditure level for the headings in which some of those instruments are included.
In that case, we must raise taxes and ask the citizens to pay up once again.
That would help the consolidation of the national budgets so we would very much insist on what …
It has provided stability in times of crisis, but also flexibility in times of need.
Decisions of historic dimension need to be prepared, and the citizens need to be involved in the debate.
this money has been lent.
Göran Färm (S&D).
I want to go beyond economics because on that, nearly everything has been said.
The MFF gives us the chance to completely reassess how the EU spends its money and how we prioritise spending for creating jobs and growth.
They had established small businesses, created start-ups.
I hope the Council can live with it too.
The European economy as a whole and the economies of some Member States are slowing down, which is why we should pay increasing attention to growth, competitiveness and development.
The creation of new, green jobs is important as well.
We need an economic union in the eurozone;
Meanwhile, the way the financial crisis is continuing to get worse requires action which will have an immediate effect, because the crisis of confidence and pressure from the market are today seriously impairing the Member States’ ability to refinance their debt.
Philippe Juvin (PPE), in writing.
Such accidents, like the pink sludge spill in Hungary in 2010, must be prevented in order to contain the adverse consequences for man and the environment.
The aim is not only to allow them healthy growth but also to provide parents and professionals with the correct information on these products more easily, particularly regarding products for special medical purposes, such as gluten-free foods designed for coeliacs.
Thirdly, of course, we do not need excessive information.
Otherwise, I would say with regard to this report that, as far as coeliac foods are concerned, coeliac products could have been dealt with separately in their own report, although in this context they obviously fit in, as the legislation obviously now needs to be updated in this respect.
While Member States may decide to further restrict advertising, an EU-wide ban on advertising infant formula and follow-on formula, with the exception of the magazines I mentioned, is not proportionate.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Adam Bielan (ECR).
The resolution also calls on the Commission to adopt, by the end of 2012, the levers to boost growth and strengthen confidence in Europe.
It is also important to foster research and innovation and to make better use of available EU funds to support projects which stimulate economic growth.
For example, Directive 2006/123/EC on services in the internal market has been in force since 2009.
In keeping with the Employment Package presented by the Commission in mid April, Parliament wanted to encourage investment in the green economy, health and new technologies sectors, whilst welcoming the proposals on the commitment to ‘setting decent minimum wages to fight poverty and social dumping and creating a European Youth Guarantee’.
Philippe Juvin (PPE), in writing.
Growth needs to be facilitated by removing excessive regulation, not by adding more regulations.
I supported the motion for a resolution ‘Towards a job-rich recovery’, as I think it is important to devote attention to fulfilling the substance of the employment objectives set in the EU 2020 strategy for achieving smart, sustainable and inclusive economic growth.
A huge majority have just now voted in favour of this report: 593 in favour out of a total of 610 who voted.
This resolution supports that position, which we have rejected by voting against.
The exchange of information between national authorities on the adverse effects of medical devices and their withdrawal from the market may improve the current framework through rapid response at national level and mitigating the impact on patients.
It is therefore intended that the Member States step up their cooperation within the existing legal framework, in particular in the fields of market surveillance, vigilance and inspection, and to tighten controls, in order to provide a better guarantee of safety of patients, especially those exposed to high-risk medical devices.
With an estimated 140 million women and girls worldwide living with the terrible consequences of female genital mutilation, and at least half a million of them in Europe –including, sadly, many in my own region of London – this is a huge issue.
I also think that the new provisions should be clearer, consistent and easily understandable, in order to contribute to the streamlining of administrative procedures.
Parliament has adopted the third version of the Seveso Directive, named after the Italian village affected by a dioxin cloud following an accident in a chemical factory in 1976.
Oldřich Vlasák (ECR), Blue-card answer.
It is also alarming that the Moroccan authorities have for 30 years denied non-governmental organisations monitoring human rights entry into the territory of the Western Sahara, and made it difficult for residents to access water, education and basic information.
Charles Tannock (ECR).
In addition, such a transfer would guarantee that the existing rules would also apply to non-prepacked foods and would consequently offer higher and broader protection to coeliacs.
We will come back to them.
Pesticides for which the highest acceptable residue levels were approved in the directives adopted in 2006 and which do not comply with safety criteria should be categorically withdrawn from the market and should not be used in the production of food covered by the regulation under discussion.
Mr President, on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats), I would like to support the line taken by the rapporteur and also offer our sincere thanks for her work.
It is very good that you should be made aware of the problems of milk producers.
Indeed, perhaps you can clarify for us Ireland’s plans for increasing milk production over the coming years, Ms McGuinness, as it will be one of the countries with most to gain from the abolition of the quota system.
Thirdly, the world population is seven billion as of now, and expected to rise to nine billion over the next 20 or 30 years.
We cannot have a situation where milk producers and processors have to pay premiums and listing discounts and payments are delayed by periods of up to 100 days.
The Commission has still failed to provide an answer in this regard.
Why should we discuss large structures if we do not yet even have an authority that can say ‘company x must be given proper access to the market’ – something that is still not the case in many Member States.
and, secondly, on moving definitions from the current annex into the main body of the legislation.
The threshold should therefore be better defined in a delegated act.
However, the bulk of counterfeiting and piracy with which customs occupies itself does not relate to patent disputes but to very fundamental issues.
Marina Yannakoudakis (ECR).
We have tools that we must develop and harmonise, but above all, we have objectives that we must meet without delay.
This was the case some time ago when the debates took place on the introduction of mandatory safety belts.
As regards some of the concrete proposals in Parliament’s report, I note, in particular, the call for a European observatory for foreign direct investment and the urge for improved international regulatory cooperation.
Therefore, everything is in our hands.
I firmly believe that if we managed to overcome visa restrictions, many Ukrainians would be willing to travel to southern Europe or to Spain, Greece and Italy, and would be delighted to get to know these parts of Europe as tourists.
three partners with whom DCFTA negotiations have been launched.
The negotiations advanced well, thanks to the thorough preparatory process carried out over the past years.
At the same time, they can ensure a better cooperation between regional programmes and the objectives of the 2020 Europe strategy.
Mr Tarabella wants to know why I did not ask for the Court of Justice’s opinion earlier.
Madam President, Mr Fjellner, now I am disappointed.
For our continent lacking in natural resources, the successful protection of this type of property is crucially important to the prosperity of all Europeans.
In practice, therefore, legislation in this field is finally being used.
ACTA is the wrong instrument for this and, therefore, we in the S&D Group will be voting against it.
it is a non-resolution.
Marielle Gallo (PPE), Blue-card answer.
They will be resolved in a completely different way, including by changing business models.
Tomorrow, Parliament will decide democratically what it is going to do with the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement, and the decision will be made with a majority.
However, I want to recall one point, a passage from the Council’s conclusions, which we wish to include in our report for tomorrow’s vote, via an oral amendment in which the Council states that the EU will continue to do everything required to bring Europe back on the road to smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
It seems clear that such a manifestation of political will has to be followed up by active commitment on the part of all Member States to do whatever is needed to achieve such goals, restoring public confidence and giving fresh impetus to growth.
Madam President, the only response of governments in Europe to the needs of their peoples has been austerity.
on the contrary, this field should be reinforced, for example, through support from the EIB.
No tangible progress in the resumption of negotiations, much less on the continued expansion of settlements in East Jerusalem, much less with regard – apart from some modest progress – to the Gaza blockade.
Its Protocol 5 defines measures and rules on mutual assistance between administrative authorities on customs matters.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would be pleased if we could finally make some progress with this dossier.
This point should therefore be clear.
I have not forgotten that some Member States, such as Belgium, Italy and others, have indeed taken action, but we can clearly see that, for many other Member States, a binding legislative act is needed.
It is true that there are one or two detailed issues that still need discussing, but I feel that we were able to work together very constructively across all the groups in the compromise negotiations.
The principle of reasonable cost should therefore not stop providers from innovating and proposing diversified forms of basic payment accounts, within our common standards of course.
I welcome the solution identified by Parliament and the Council, and particularly the transfer from Pillar 1 to Pillar 2.
Can I add my words and say how deeply dissatisfied we are with the Pillar 2 amount that is awarded to us, because it is restricting us in carrying out real good projects and works, and I hope the CAP reform and the multiannual financial framework negotiations with the UK will receive a fair share.
This dossier is indicative of several things.
The urgency was dictated by the imminent reform of the common agricultural policy, which we would not have wished to be encumbered by complex negotiations on institutional issues.
Following the vote within the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development (AGRI), Parliament must reaffirm the power conferred on us by the Treaty, which is only fair when we are talking about the only integrated policy of the European Union – which has been in place for 50 years, as this year is its anniversary – which still accounts today for close to 40% of the EU budget.
Article 290 states that delegated acts are applied to supplement or amend certain non-essential elements of the legislative act.
Now they have separate birthdays, now we have two reasons to celebrate – so that is some kind of progress.
If we seek to ensure solidarity, growth and prosperity, we must seek it together through common solutions to common problems.
Important progress has been achieved during the past six months of the Danish Council Presidency.
I will miss you;
Since this is a transnational system with a direct impact on Europe’s citizens, it would have been preferable, in the post-Lisbon era, for Parliament not to be deliberately excluded from making such important decisions.
I believe that this is possible, but it is only possible if we are committed to doing it together.
Of course, we wanted more – they also wanted more – but again, there were a few countries that prevented us from taking a really big step forward with this.
Now the people of Europe are drifting around in the cold water in the hope that you, who sunk their ship, will come and save them.
I am willing to bet that you will be a candidate for both posts.
We need reforms in our Member States and collective action at the level of the EU and the eurozone.
The agreements of Thursday and Friday are steps in the right direction.
With EUR 120 billion having been mobilised within the framework of the Growth and Employment Pact, and EUR 10 billion of recapitalisation from the European Investment Bank (EIB), these will allow bonds to be issued for the purpose of financing projects.
It is my intention to talk in October mainly about what can be implemented from the existing treaties.
There is not even a forecast for the size of the European budget.
Hope, Mr President, that we can now work on a road map with just as much ambition, conviction and dynamism towards genuine economic and monetary union and a strong European Union, because we need both.
I do not think that we should ask any Member State to carry an undue burden and, where there is responsibility, there must be solidarity.
What we need right now are the skills of a fisherman, not of a publicist.
Secondly, the growth stimulus package is fine, but we are not reinventing the policies on growth.
Zofija Mazej Kukovič (PPE).
But let me remind you that a number of very important proposals are already on the table.
I have to disappoint some of you.
Maybe this is because there are too many political forces which say one thing in Strasbourg and something else in the capitals of our Member States.
sometimes, this is not a matter of differences between the North and the South – sometimes you find these differences in the very same country.
Among other things, it was decided that Italian bonds will be bought using European rescue funds, but without the application of rigorous monitoring programmes.
No taxation without representation.
Implementing a well-devised macro-regional strategy offers a number of benefits, including coordinated investments and greater involvement from the EU’s intervention mechanisms.
I also support the initiative to develop a macro-regional strategy in the Mediterranean.
Finally, macro-regional strategies enable the establishment of fruitful and constructive relations in EU Neighbourhood Policy, the exchange of good practices and progress built on territorial-based development.
This report, which I voted in favour of, is a move in that direction and places particular emphasis on the geographical area of the Mediterranean, by proposing, among other things, a clearer macro-regional mechanism than the existing mechanisms, the creation of which is something that our country should pursue, as it harbours important opportunities for economic growth and job creation.
I voted in favour of the report on the evolution of EU macro-regional strategies: present practice and future prospects, especially in the Mediterranean, because I think that macro-regions provide a framework that is conducive to pooling existing initiatives and optimising the use of resources.
Parliament’s own-initiative report mentions the status of the current macro-regional strategies, such as the EU strategy for the Baltic Sea and for the Danube region, identifies the priority areas for future macro-regional strategies, and makes recommendations for an EU macro-regional strategy for the Mediterranean.
The major areas of intervention should include energy grids, scientific cooperation and innovation, cultural networks, education and training, tourism, trade, environmental protection, sustainable maritime transport, maritime security and safety and the protection of the marine environment against pollution, overfishing and illegal fishing, strengthening of good governance and effective public administration for encouraging job creation.
More important still is the proposal’s final aim, which is the opening of the domestic rail passenger market and the separation of transport operation management infrastructure, which would undoubtedly not only bring everyone in Europe closer together, but also consolidate the principle of freedom of movement for people in Europe.
But the United Kingdom is a large island with only one rail connection with continental Europe and it has no road connections at all.
To give an example, the Adriatic-Ionian macro-region involves eight EU and non-EU countries, has the added value of focusing attention on the western Balkans and helping pre-accession countries join the European Union, gives the regions a chance to promote themselves, and speeds up the European integration process.
Transparent rules on access to rail-related services and service infrastructures (freight terminals, maintenance facilities, train formation facilities and so on) are crucial to the sector’s competitiveness.
Finally, providing non-discriminatory access to various services and infrastructures, such as freight terminals, should be promoted.
The EU has also developed a comprehensive policy on inspecting and checking compliance with social road transport legislation.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
Maria do Céu Patrão Neves (PPE), in writing.
I would like to thank the rapporteur for the work she has done on this proposal for a regulation, and confirm that I voted for the report, with a view to improving road safety and drivers’ working conditions.
It is precisely this second aspect that I feel has not been given anywhere near sufficient consideration in this report.
In addition, directives to regulate the inspection to be performed by Member States and the use of analogue and digital tachographs are also in force.
Counterfeit and pirated goods continue to pass through our external borders too often and pose a threat to European businesses and growth.
The economic and financial crisis has reinforced the need for a strong commitment to economic growth and job creation.
This new text strengthens procedures enabling customs authorities to prevent the movement of goods which they suspect of infringing intellectual property rights.
The rate of implementation of the WFD has been slow across European countries and regions, with highly diversified results.
It also proposes measures to ensure that everyone can use this ‘public and essential asset’ better and more efficiently.
It is necessary for individual local entities to be involved in water management decision-making processes so that the solutions can reflect the specific needs of each individual community.
Silvia-Adriana Ţicău (S&D), in writing.
I support the introduction of a mandatory electronic system of emergency – eCall – in all new car models.
José Manuel Fernandes (PPE), in writing.
There are still huge signal black spots at cross border areas and areas with low population density where this system is promoted as being most needed.
At a time when the new technologies are proving to be a major factor in improving road safety, I voted in favour of this report.
I endorsed this report.
Constance Le Grip (PPE) , in writing.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
Barbara Matera (PPE), in writing.
The report that we adopted today, and which I willingly supported, provides for the introduction of an automatic alarm system: when installed in a vehicle that has been involved in an accident, eCall will, in fact, send an alert concerning the event by making an encoded emergency call to the 112 number, which has now become the single European number for emergencies, valid, that is, in all Member States.
eCall is a mechanism to trigger automatically an emergency call in the event of a severe road accident.
A comprehensive common policy on investment should be developed that can provide investors with greater legal certainty and a predictable and stable framework that is fair and properly regulated.
I welcome the result of today’s vote on the report on the trade aspects of the Eastern partnership.
We need to continue our negotiations with the Eastern partners and open up new economic possibilities for their citizens.
In my opinion, we should make good use of the fact that the Union is the main export partner of the Eastern partnership countries.
Ewald Stadler (NI).
No sensible person would have any fundamental objection to an eCall system which, in the event of a serious accident, automatically notifies the emergency services.
Erasmus and Leonardo da Vinci programmes with a Euro-Mediterranean focus will provide those areas with a further opportunity for growth and enable many young people to develop work there.
The amendment of the directive is also important in connection with the European Commission’s proposal of 19 January to take the creation, on 1 January 2011, of the new supervisory system for insurance – the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) – into consideration in drafting legislation.
Aldo Patriciello (PPE), in writing.
Silvia-Adriana Ţicău (S&D).
He is not a fan of freedom, he is not a fan of participation or of national democracy.
It is also correctly anticipated that in future the number of cases submitted to the Court of Justice of the European Union for consideration will grow due to legislative changes.
Vytautas Landsbergis (PPE).
That is the goal.
This would demonstrate the Union’s credibility in the region.
Mr President, Minister, over the last year and a half I have had the pleasure of working on a report for the European Parliament concerning an association agreement between the European Union and Georgia.
The High Representative will attend the meeting with an expected number of up to 100 countries.
And in that respect I welcome the restraint in Turkey’s response – despite the clear provocation by Syria in shooting down the fighter jet and killing the air force pilots.
Now we have to concentrate on the next parliamentary elections, to try to support the liberal and secular parties in order to avoid a new crushing victory by the Islamists, especially their Salafist branch.
In this context the announced intention of President Morsi to appoint an inclusive cabinet representative of all forces in Egypt is a very welcome development.
Women must be listened to and their demands heard.
You are right to highlight that the problem of your Presidency is the plight of workers.
In Athens you will find graffiti that says: let us refuse to live as slaves.
The Presidency is a Union institution and for six months it is not the country with which Turkey may have any bilateral differences.
For instance, when the Council says: ‘we want a budget union’, it then fights tooth and nail against a serious budget with own resources for its own Commission.
Finally, before wishing you every success, I too wish to take my turn in underlining the unacceptable stand taken by a candidate country, namely Turkey, towards the Cypriot Presidency in its statements and circulars about freezing relations between Turkey and this Presidency.
I replied that we will support Cyprus precisely because the president is a Communist, who has been democratically elected by his people, since democracy is the core value of a Europe that is proud of its democratically elected presidents.
Cyprus is assuming the Presidency of the Council at a time of great importance for the European Union over the next few years.
Monika Flašíková-Beňová (S&D), in writing.
In order to stabilise the markets and provide the population in agricultural areas with a fair standard of living, a system was devised for supporting prices, differentiated according to sectors, along with the introduction of direct support schemes.
The amendments relating to the expenditure to be financed by the EAGF and the recovery procedure constitute a simplification in that they replace two Council regulations and result in a decrease in the administrative tasks incumbent on Member States.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
Therefore, the regulation on the scrutiny carried out by Member States of transactions forming part of the system of financing by the European Agricultural Guarantee Fund also needs to be modified appropriately.
Diogo Feio (PPE), in writing.
they will also improve the business environment – not least as regards non-discrimination and free competition – for EU exporters and investors already working with Russia.
It also grants preferential access to employees of European service companies going to work in Russia with a view to starting up a business there.
Officially, in a large number of service areas, Russia has also undertaken to reduce market access restrictions and put an end to almost all national preferential treatment, so as not to discriminate against foreign operators.
However, the Russian understanding is that the list in the schedule does not preclude any new or additional export duties on any raw materials not included therein.
This is not just common sense;
I am committed to offering innovators and rights-holders appropriate protection – indeed, a resolution I voted for in November 2010 highlighted this very point – however, we must also have appropriate safeguards to guarantee citizens’ privacy and fundamental rights.
I voted resolutely against the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) because the Agreement contained too many uncertainties and posed too many serious risks to the fundamental rights of Europeans.
Although I understand those concerns, I regret that they were exploited politically.
It is for this reason that dictatorial regimes around the world fear it so and try to limit its advance.
I acknowledge that some articles require more precise wording, for example, in the definition of an offence involving an act on a commercial scale or the definition of a wilful act.
The populist arguments about respect for privacy and disclosure of information, however, only confirm my belief that they are not based on a full understanding of the text of the Agreement.
I agree with the solution contained in the report and therefore I voted in favour of Mr Capoulas Santos’s proposal, because I think we need to maintain the current financial structure for 2013 in order to ensure continued levels of payments and to support agricultural development in an effective way.
I decided to abstain from the vote on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) for two reasons.
The agreement could also compromise the export of generic medicines to poorer countries.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
In addition to supervising legislation effectively, the Member States must ensure that there are appropriate sanctions for violations.
Breaches of these rules, with animals as their first victims, go against the interests of consumers and cause distortions of competition between producers.
The new Strategy presents a broader approach calling for policy coherence (animal welfare should be given greater attention in the EU’s Consumer Policy, in the Framework Programmes for research and in the CAP) and coordination of financial resources (proper budget for actions listed).
Measures are required such as rules for the identification and registration of animals, the prohibition of unlicensed kennels and shelters, as well as stray animal management strategies, including vaccination and sterilisation programmes, and measures to promote responsible ownership.
I would highlight a number of measures that I consider really positive, such as the Compact for Growth and Jobs, which should take national- and EU-level measures as part of the strategy for fostering employment and smart, sustainable and inclusive growth;
We are a long way off the promised 1% of GDP.
Sylvie Guillaume (S&D), in writing.
This is an unfortunate, dangerous phenomenon.
Although the use of cash is rapidly diminishing, some 7% of the adult population of the EU still do not have a bank account.
However, it would have been better if the report went further, given the specific situation today and the banks’ high profits, an increasing proportion of which come from the multiplicity of fees and charges levied on depositors, particularly the poorer ones.
Trade integration requires enormous efforts both from ourselves and from the associated countries but, over the long term, this will bring measurable benefits to everyone.
It is important that funding for the trans-European transport and energy networks is stepped up and that new instruments are sought for them.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
However, it is well known that traditional EU budget funding is insufficient for such large projects.
Andreas Mölzer (NI), in writing.
Mr President, at a critical time for peace negotiations, possibly based on the Arab peace initiative, it is highly inappropriate for a body such as this Parliament, famed for its anti-Israeli invective, to seek to undermine the honest broker status of the European Union and incite further tensions.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
The EU must therefore decide to act.
The proposers of the text do not even pretend to attempt a balanced approach.
There is general agreement among the institutions of the EU regarding the necessity of these amendments.
They will exercise judicial powers only when addressing the cases assigned to them.
The moribund economies of southern Europe do not necessarily need some gigantic Keynesian investment programme.
I voted in favour of the motion for a European Parliament legislative resolution on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending the Decision establishing a Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme (2007-2013) and laying down general rules for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of the trans-European transport and energy networks because I believe it may become an important tool in the achievement of the economic relaunch of the Union.
I think it is important that we highlight the vulnerabilities in our own community by addressing these important issues.
I am happy that this Parliament stands united against any violation of freedom of expression in a European country.
Sadly, this is also taking place with the help of EU-based companies who have exported technologies to Belarus to facilitate this repression.
Mr President, Ms Schaake was right when she said that Andrzej Poczobut has not been acquitted, but was released only for the duration of the trial.
Bogusław Sonik (PPE).
For the EU, the work on SDGs should be coordinated and coherent with the review process of the Millennium Development Goals, MDGs, without deviating from efforts towards their achievement by 2015.
Our challenge is how to promote further research and how to apply that philosophy in real life.
Natural resources are mainly used for industry, energy and meat production.
You do not take into account what you do not measure is an absolute fact in politics.
Rio+20 was not a climate conference, but what they have in common is that the processes in their current form achieve nothing meaningful.
Sandrine Bélier, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
It is time, I believe, to take stock and, most of all, to look forward.
Thursday:
Ildikó Gáll-Pelcz (PPE).
I am sure that tomorrow, this proposal will have the major confidence of the whole House, but it is a reflection of the real importance of this subject that so many of the political groups and Members have been engaged in getting an excellent result.
Food safety is among the main problems perceived by European citizens.
We need to help the authorities, but the way proposed here is the wrong way to go.
Madam President, the voluntary system proposed would have very little effect on Britain because the British system is already very effective.
I welcome the fact that the final report makes reference to the parliamentary inquiry carried out in my country in 2008 and the conclusions that came out of it, since this inquiry was omitted from the initial draft, thereby generating a representation divorced from reality.
We must act.
Increase in aggregate demand would then coincide with increase in GDP and not precede it.
First of all, women need to defend their rights, including through civil judicial proceedings, when appropriate.
A black box is possibly not the right way to indicate this kind of information.
When important side effects occur, people need to get in touch with a doctor quickly.
I cannot stress enough that this is once again a case where it is the poorest and least educated who are the most vulnerable.
Madam President, Commissioner, first of all, I would like to draw attention to the excellent work done by Ms McAvan, the rapporteur, and also the other shadow rapporteurs, in order to reach this agreement at first reading.
I believe the EU cannot fail to hit its energy efficiency target: if it does, it will also fail as regards climate change, energy security, environmentally friendly growth and social protection.
I voted for this report because, as with the other report for this sitting, it falls solely to Parliament to decide whether or not to waive immunity, and because Parliament can take into account the position of the Member in question when deciding whether or not to waive his immunity.
I voted ‘in favour’ of the report because I consider that it exerts the necessary pressure both on the EU institutions and on each individual Member State to continue with investigations to ascertain the level of illegal abduction, secret detention and torture by the American secret services (CIA), with the assistance and acceptance of European states, in breach of every concept of international law and respect for human rights.
Indeed, the new regulation will enable European businesses to obtain certificates of conformity and safety for their products and services more quickly, using a technically updated, flexible and effective system.
The fight against terrorism requires a determined commitment from the European Union and its main international partners.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
Secret detention, which is a form of enforced disappearance, may amount, if widely or systematically practised, to a crime against humanity.
Security sector reform must ensure a clear separation between intelligence and law enforcement functions.
Ana Miranda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Extensive investigations into the exact extent of participation by some EU Member States in the practices of the United States authorities and, in particular, those of the CIA which have taken place within the territory of the EU are absolutely necessary.
Tokia Saïfi (PPE), in writing.
Jacek Włosowicz (EFD), in writing.
By voting in favour of this resolution, Parliament intends to allocate more resources to this policy.
This should help to address the need for solidarity between Member States and thus encourage them to cooperate more closely.
EU Member States will provide asylum seekers, beneficiaries of international protection and members of their families with access to a form of protection, justice, social integration and the labour market, in full compliance with the principle of non-discrimination.
The commitment made by the EU to establish a common European asylum system (CEAS) this year is especially important as the migratory flows are increasing, triggered by the economic crisis, climate change and, above all, by the impact of the Arab Spring.
To ignore this situation or pretend not to see it is to be complicit.
It argues in favour of distributing asylum seekers and the beneficiaries of international protection.
Vilija Blinkevičiūtė (S&D), in writing.
and is diligent to give the kine fodder’.
I voted for the legislative resolution on the proposal for a regulation on European standardisation because I think that European standardisation can help boost the competitiveness of enterprises by facilitating the free movement of goods and services, network interoperability, means of communication, technological progress and innovation.
This report argues that standardisation ‘helps to boost the competitiveness of enterprises by facilitating, in particular, the free movement of goods and services’ and increases ‘competition and lower output and sales costs’.
Vito Bonsignore (PPE), in writing.
Mr President, I am opposed to the proposal for a directive because, once again, the European Union, in relation to the environment and the climate, wants to be top of the class.
The amendments made to the European texts, which are of the utmost importance as regards public health, will reinforce the European system for detecting and assessing potential problems with medicines in all of the EU Member States.
A review of the pharmacovigilance legislation is absolutely necessary.
The 0.1% sulphur content limit proposed by the Commission must be applied to all territorial waters of EU Member States up to 12 nautical miles from their coasts.
Erminia Mazzoni (PPE).
Katarína Neveďalová (S&D), in writing.
The Member States’ international commitments, not least to the International Maritime Organisation (IMO), already provided for this limitation.
There will therefore be significant environmental and health benefits to this legislation.
Cooperation between Members States’ tax systems is increasingly desirable in order to further reduce the possibility of unintended non-taxation, double taxation or tax avoidance fraud among the Member States, which does even more damage to the smooth functioning of the EU’s internal market.
The Portuguese people have experienced this at first hand, with the implementation of the aggression pact of the two troikas: the IMF, ECB and Commission, and the Portuguese Socialist Party (PS), the Portuguese Social Democratic Party (PSD) and the Democratic and Social Centre – People’s Party (CDS-PP).
I voted in favour of this resolution.
Sebastian Valentin Bodu (PPE), in writing.
The ability of ecosystems to absorb and manage emissions, and adapt to changing circumstances is finite.
I think that, if it is not possible to achieve this goal on a voluntary basis, specific measures should be taken, such as introducing quotas or other methods of reinforcing equality and democracy.
In the absence of details of the financial impact of all of these requests, I voted against the report because it seeks to turn society into a model of an unaffordable, utopian green economy, the consequences of which for growth and employment are unknown.
In today’s vote on the report on the role of women in the green economy, I voted in favour in the final vote, despite the fact that I voted against in the majority of the votes on the separate paragraphs.
As the Member responsible for gender equality, I share many of the questions raised in this text.
That is why we still advocate extending the ‘crisis derogation’, which increased the rate of EU cofinancing to 65%.
That is why they mainly work flexible or part-time hours, which results in a wage disparity between the two genders.
With this text, the European Parliament is highlighting a statistic that receives very little attention in the media: the proportion of jobs for women in the service sector, a sector that provides most jobs in the European Union.
Zoltán Bagó (PPE), in writing.
Studies have shown that investment in early childhood education and care reaps greater rewards than investing in any other stage of education.
Justas Vincas Paleckis (S&D), in writing.
The ET 2020 education and training programme follows on from the Education and Training 2010 work programme.
I welcome the adoption of the report by Jean-Marie Cavada, which seeks to improve the distribution of audiovisual works on the Internet.
We already know that Ukraine will not see free elections.
Many types of rigging are already taking place all over the country.
So there are many ways in which that is precisely what this is all about.
We have done that and we have sought, and will continue to seek, an inclusive approach to what happens in Ethiopia.
How are we in a position to integrate the transatlantic community, also with the inclusion of South America, to point to one strategic concept?
At the same time, we must strengthen the structures that have just recently been established in the External Action Service for conflict prevention and conflict mediation and broaden their expertise in EU foreign policy as a whole.
Mr President, I have a question for Mr Verhofstadt.
This is why I would like to make it very clear that we must focus on the rule of law in our discussions with Russia.
Would you be of the same opinion, as a devout Catholic, if all of this had happened in the Vatican or in your church in Munich?
We also offered our support in working on our shared modernisation agenda.
Werner Schulz, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
I would like, of course subject to time, to take the opportunity to speak briefly on the common market organisation for fisheries and agriculture products and the report by Struan Stevenson, which is an excellent basis for a final agreement with the Council.
We now have that, and it is a victory for sustainability.
I will ask him, and I will give you the answer, if you will permit me, in the morning or the day after perhaps.
Not all fishermen are these plunderers of the sea, the only people responsible for the poor state of the stocks, as is suggested by environmental organisations and the European Commission, grouping together all fishing categories.
The resolution provides for the creation of production and sales plans, which gives producers an opportunity to become real players in managing production and trade.
I am very interested in an integrated maritime policy which is all about maritime environmental planning.
I would also like to thank Mr Salavrakos because he has made a very good basis for the further discussion of our proposal for a discard ban.
Let me now move onto Mr Torvalds’s and Mr Haglund’s report.
The Scottish Government this week launched a Victims and Witness Bill to the Scottish Parliament which will exceed the terms of this directive by a significant margin.
We will work with you.
As the Vice-President of the Commission has pointed out, this law represents a significant step in the building of a Europe for the citizens;
I believe it will be good for the sugar regime reform to be extended until 2020.
Recently, both President Barroso of the Commission and President Van Rompuy spoke at the Jobs for Europe conference.
We all know that this type of pollution has a major impact on our air quality, as well as our water quality, and it is really important that we do something about it.
The patients are getting younger and younger.
This will be extremely expensive, costing in the order of many billions, which will be noticeable in the already stretched state budgets.
We need to be aware that the requirements for emissions from transport on land are a hundred times higher than those for maritime transport.
Mr President, the aim of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament was to link the improvement of energy efficiency with major investments in buildings and energy systems in order, at the same time, to be able to help reduce unemployment levels.
Investments in energy efficiency do not just mean that we save on our electricity bills.
Every country’s business is everybody’s business.
Mr Watson, infrastructure is one of the keys to the internal market.
I will illustrate with an example.
Take gas, for example.
Lucas Hartong (NI).
how a decision made by six of the seven political groups forming the national Parliament ended up being considered a parliamentary putsch.
As a Hungarian, a European democrat, and a friend of the Romanian people my interests lie in ensuring that there is true democracy and rule of law in Romania.
There is, of course, also an issue of ensuring gender balance on the supervisory board.
That incestuous behaviour should cease and you will contribute to that.
This regulation is based on Article 114 of the Treaty, which provides for the ordinary legislative procedure.
These initiatives are key elements in what we together have called the ‘single rulebook’, for the internal market, which should indeed apply to all 27 Member States.
However, I would like to underline – and I know the Commissioner does not take a different view – that when we proceed we must ensure we do not create new unions within the Union, because that would lead to fragmentation which would be contrary to what we want: namely, better supervision and greater stability.
In my opinion, this is not possible without a fundamental and serious debate.
That should have expired if all EPAs (Economic Partnership Agreements) had been signed, but they had not so we had then to pass the Market Access Regulation 1528/2007 to provide a bridging solution and this has since allowed duty-free and quota-free access for the 36 ACP countries that have initialled EPAs but not yet signed or ratified them.
This proposal is not against developing countries and it is not against Africa.
This runs completely contrary to the EU’s objective of reducing poverty and organising all external political instruments in line with this principle.
First of all, I should like to thank everyone who worked on this report, especially the shadow rapporteurs, who were beside me not only in the committee, but also during the trialogue with the Council.
This is an important first step, however.
Energy policy is central to the European Union, to economic growth and to a forward-looking energy policy.
As you have said, Commissioner, we still have a lot to do to make up lost ground in relation to these champions of tomorrow, these enterprises which are not obsessed with simply maximising their profits.
As you have said, Commissioner, today we need to improve funding for social enterprises and we must not be hostages of a single issue.
Furthermore, the Commission must provide for an additional financial envelope to support EU banana production.
Well, when we are talking about the EU free trade agreements with Andean countries, the hot potato, for once, is not human rights but bananas.
This means that in the next five years, the EU budget should rise from 1% to 5% of the European gross domestic product.
The reality is that, in an interconnected world, Europe’s Member States on their own are no longer able to effectively steer the course of events.
The crisis has shown that, while banks became transnational, rules and oversight remained national.
Only then can we decide on the tools that we lack and the ways to remedy this.
Risks have simply been transferred from one balance sheet to another.
Personally, I do not want to give them that pleasure and nor do you, José Manuel.
Mr President, the State of the Union includes 25 million unemployed, conflicting public opinions and rising inequality.
However, if we did not have the ECB, we would be in a much deeper mess.
Our goal is the creation of the United States of Europe and how we organise it is our concern.
Mr Farage, you have accused me of not listening.
It is about citizens and it is not about nation states in the future.
that is why you came here.
Mr Daul, I must say something to you that I have already said, because I have the pleasure of being part of this institution, at least temporarily.
We desperately need a resolution mechanism for the banks.
The EBA is creating the roadmap and the ECB is applying the roadmap.
However, now the cost is being paid by the European taxpayer.
When the President of the European Central Bank (ECB), Mr Draghi, says that the euro is irreversible, this is nothing more than an admission that we have been taking the wrong path, which is intended to lead to the creation of a transfer and debt union.
President.
I voted for this report, which is aimed at aligning Regulation (EC) No 774/94 with the new system of delegated acts and implementing acts, namely with Articles 290 and 291 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Daniel Hannan (ECR).
I believe that the amendment to the Mutual Recognition Agreement (MRA) between the European Union and Australia will enhance trade relations between these two major continents, and will also remove barriers to greater movement of products.
Nuno Teixeira (PPE), in writing.
As in the case of Australia, the amendment to the Mutual Recognition Agreement between the European Union and New Zealand seeks to enhance trade relations between these two parties and to remove unnecessary barriers to the movement of products.
Due to repeated infringements of the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea and the UN Fish Stocks Agreement, as well as action taken in violation of requirements for states to cooperate in the management of migratory fish stocks, it is essential to adopt a legal instrument according to which the EU could take action against states that are unwilling to cooperate.
Therefore, it is extremely important for us to come to an agreement on catch quotas and on protecting fish stocks all over the world.
Nikolaos Salavrakos (EFD), in writing.
It has caused such damage to the industry and to fish that it is irreformable.
I was, on the other hand, very much in favour of Parliament recognising the need to put European funding for the storage mechanism on a sustainable basis and agreeing to create an eco-label.
With this vote, Parliament has established an optimal framework to protect our fishermen and manage stocks sustainably, by means of a balanced approach adapted to the specificities of different fishing areas.
Moreover, the report does not clarify the policy mechanisms for ensuring coherence and consistency among the different components of foreign policy, including those under the responsibility of the Commission.
Firstly, I share the minority view expressed by Mr Meyer and Ms Lösing in the related report.
In terms of the Association Agreement with Central America, which will be signed shortly, I welcome that we indicate our intention to closely monitor the implementation of the agreement and its impact on the situation for human rights and the rule of law.
Martina Anderson (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The reform of fisheries policy, which was approved in 2002 and which is still being implemented, did not provide the fishing fleets in any of the new EU Member States with subsidies for fleet renewal, putting them in a very difficult position.
Consumers must also be better protected.
First it highlights the failure of the measures adopted so far at European level, in that the sector seems not to have responded as required, first by raising employment levels and secondly by depending less on third countries.
This information could certainly be used for further legislative work.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, transparency and access to all relevant documents and information form the basis of and are a compulsory precondition for democracy and, above all, for Parliament to be able to do its job.
The Structural Funds and Integrated Maritime Policy will form the basis of this action plan.
Firstly, as an MEP from a country facing the Atlantic, where much of its history has played out and some of its economic activity takes place, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Alain Cadec, for his work.
Previous experience leads to doubts about the chances of success in achieving the desired synergies.
These two pillars should facilitate synergies between the sector-based policies relating to economic, social, environmental and territorial development.
Peter Jahr (PPE).
It was reported that, last month alone, 5 000 Syrians were killed, making it the deadliest month of the conflict so far.
I consider this hard-won agreement the first legislative step towards creating a common external energy policy of the EU.
Yet the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development approved these two major advances!
The regional diversity of food, the traditional methods of production, and the concern for safety and good environmental conditions mean that the quality of European food is among the highest in the world.
Institutions investigating the situation in Syria have been flagging this up.
The aim is to create a European sector for investment in legal persons carrying on not-for-profit activities aimed at fulfilling various objectives of a social nature.
The optimisation of existing financial resources is the agenda of the day.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Greens followed the rapporteur in his call for a closer look not only at economic implications of the foreseen trade liberalisation, but also the implementation of environmental and social aspects.
Though DG Trade was not happy with a good number of the amendments proposed (45 in the International Trade Committee, plus the Agriculture Committee opinion), which they considered as outside their realm of competence (such as social and environmental data!!), and though DG Trade carried out extensive lobbying ahead of the International Trade Committee vote, a good number of those amendments passed.
The legislative initiative concerning the use of orphan works is justified and positive.
It is not acceptable that public institutions have to conceal works for fear of reprisals under the current rules on intellectual property, with very costly proceedings to boot.
Since there has been a court decision in the United States that has authorised Google Books to publish orphan works, there is also a considerable competitive disadvantage for the EU in the online market.
Most notably unclear is Article 1(2c) in the portal paragraph defining the subject matter and scope of the directive by stating as a fact that ‘This directive does not interfere with any arrangements concerning the management of rights at national level’, which seems to exclude them from the scope of the directive since managing rights in practice is the same as permitting uses, including assessing orphan status and sharing registered search results.
Edite Estrela (S&D), in writing.
The Kremlin should stop manipulating the judiciary politically and turn to civil society and begin discussions with it.
What is worse, special legal provisions have been adopted which, under the guise of combating extremism, allow effective action to be taken against representatives of civil society.
The soundness of the euro implies the existence of supervision at EU level which is guaranteed by this new legislative framework and carried out by the European Central Bank.
I believe that the system can only be good if it addresses this extremely difficult situation by applying uniform rules throughout the European Union to create equal rights and obligations for Member States both inside and outside the euro area.
Licia Ronzulli (PPE), in writing.
I voted for the resolution on proposals for a European banking union (EBU), in view of Parliament’s resolution adopted in July 2010 on cross-border crisis management in the banking sector and its report on the proposal for a regulation establishing a European Banking Authority.
Jacek Włosowicz (EFD), in writing.
An extension is in the interests of the European Union.
Joint action in the priority areas of science and technology brings benefits to both parties.
Science and technology is therefore fundamental for strengthening the companies’ global competitiveness and it is vital to establish international agreements with a wide range of countries.
In addition, the fact that the agreement also sets out specific rules for the transfer of classified information to Parliament by the European Commission is also worthy of note.
President Thein Sein has to receive that message clearly.
The fact that Burma is 5 000 miles away in Asia is not an excuse to ignore what amounts to ethnic cleansing in western Burma today.
The constructive partnership between Brussels and Baku entails reciprocity and commitment to shared values.
Let us look at Hungary.
What we need is transparency.
Works that have many owners, that is, so-called ‘partial orphan works’, can also be digitised and made available to a wide range of users.
This will help boost the economic benefits of copyright by ensuring fair remuneration for work and identifying any rights holders under an absolutely solid regulatory framework.
John Dalli, Member of the Commission.
That is fine.
The early warning mechanism established in the Treaty of Lisbon, which many people have labelled a paper tiger, showed its potential power for the first time yesterday.
The Commission is willing to exchange views, share methodology and background to its assessments with the Parliament, as already agreed in the common approach to impact assessments.
Furthermore, a follow up to the 2010 Smart Regulation Communication, taking stock of the progress made and drawing lessons from experience, is planned for adoption around the end of this year.
Repeated comments made by national parliaments regarding the regulations adopted by the European institutions go to show that we do not always succeed in achieving this level of quality in our regulations.
Ladies and gentlemen, as you know, the Conference of Presidents has decided to cancel the plenary sitting in Brussels in November.
They want to make cuts in European research, education and training programmes and regional development and cohesion, as if the EUR 9 billion of cohesion funds and the European Social Fund in arrears, I repeat, in arrears, were not already enough for countries such as Portugal, Greece, Spain, and Italy, putting various programmes at risk, including Erasmus.
Tadeusz Cymański (EFD).
Mr President, the European Union must have adequate financial resources to meet the commitments it has already undertaken: commitments in favour of local authorities, businesses and Erasmus participants.
Just imagine the French Parliament meeting once a month in Marseille and, of course, charging travel and accommodation costs to the taxpayer.
Giovanni La Via, rapporteur.
Anna Záborská (PPE), in writing.
This is linked not only to the free movement of goods, services, people and capital, and mainly people, not only to cross-border relations and cooperation, but also to citizens’ rights as set out in the Treaty of Lisbon, for instance the citizens’ initiative and the right of consultation, which have enormous significance.
We call on all those involved – private-sector players, wealthy nations, poor nations, multilateral organisations – to shoulder their development responsibilities.
Philippe Boulland, author.
The result of this mapping exercise will be presented in December.
Colleagues, Putin’s regime has turned its back on liberal democratic values and the rule of law.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
I consider it important that sign-language services employing video technology are also gaining ground in the area of transport, as well as text-based services that ensure inclusion of the deaf and hard-of-hearing as well as users with speech impediments.
I have checked the figures, and in 2010-2011 we always delivered on over 90 % of what was in the programme.
The greatest of course is the recession, with its unemployment and under-employment, squeezed incomes and reduced benefits.
Therefore, even if there is no definitive proof today that pharmaceutical products are produced in certain territories, that does not mean that that will be the case in the future, especially when there is a desire to expand the settlements and there may be other industrial products that would not offer a guarantee that they are not manufactured in the Occupied Territories.
These people, including innocent children who are hiding in bunkers in the daytime, are under permanent attack from this territory.
You can continue this Israel-Palestine derby all you like, but nobody will ever win it.
Above all, it is particularly outrageous that those who wish to admonish Israel are the same people who fail to recognise the oppression of human rights in Cuba, who are able to applaud Fidel Castro, who do not see the problem in Venezuela, who, ultimately, do not see any problem with human rights in Belarus.
The conflict between Israel and Palestine, Mr President, is something much deeper;
Does the House feel that the conditions for an Association Agreement are being fulfilled by Israel?
The agency should introduce in each of its annual activity reports a special section describing the actions taken to prevent and manage conflict of interest.
In May 2012 Parliament refused to grant discharge for the financial year 2010 to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) due to clear irregularities in the recruitment process, given that there was one ‘revolving door’ case and conflicts of interest between management staff and experts.
I therefore voted in favour of the proposal.
Madam President, free movement of people, statutory rights, civil and human rights, an open labour market, recognition of diplomas: these are all benefits for citizens in the different Member States of the European Union.
Furthermore, we cannot allow European solidarity and the sense of belonging that has built up over the years to cease to exist as a result of a temporary financial crisis.
I voted for the proposal for a decision on the European Year of Citizens in 2013, as it will be 20 years since the establishment of EU citizenship.
I voted in favour of this report which concerns the recent Commission document on the ‘Implementation of the Single Sky legislation’.
In this regard, the harmonisation of air traffic control at EU level offers the opportunity to move to a more modernised and automated industry.
Mathieu Grosch (PPE), in writing.
This welcome legislation on the Single European Sky (SES) must be implemented.
The majority of EU Member States, including Germany and France, will not have merged their air traffic control areas into nine Functional Airspace Blocks by the deadline of 4 December 2012.
To this end, the project is based, on the one hand, on the realisation of Functional Airspace Blocks (FAB) and, on the other, on the harmonisation of flight management technologies (Single European Sky Air Traffic Management Research).
I voted in favour of Mr Bach’s report on passenger rights for all transport modes.
Monika Smolková (S&D), in writing.
The report also points out that in air transport the definitions of delays and cancellation of flights is still too often interpreted in different ways.
Regrettably, Parliament’s questions on 2010 have not been answered.
Nuno Melo (PPE), in writing.
One of the criteria for the Commission’s assessment was the evaluation of the link between the redundancies and major structural changes in world trade patterns due to globalisation.
Véronique Mathieu (PPE), in writing.
This application from Ireland has been reviewed;
It is therefore appropriate to give tailored aid to the people made redundant by Astra Zeneca in Sweden.
By offering temporary allowances and concessions, the relevant authorities should encourage people to start and run a business.
This assistance was approved by a large majority: 570 votes to 71, with 13 abstentions.
The Dutch authorities argue that the construction sector in the Netherlands as well as in the entire European Union has been severely affected by the crisis.
Anna Ibrisagic (PPE), in writing.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
Germany has requested assistance for the redundancies in the printing machinery manufacturer Manroland AG.
This was the final request to mobilise the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund that we examined in this part-session, with support totalling EUR 40 531 302 having been approved for 8 415 workers.
The measures enable the lists of items to be updated more quickly without affecting manufacturers’ competitiveness.
Under the proposed rules, items of this kind will be included on a list and subject to controls, but these measures make no sense at all if operators do not require authorisation prior to their export.
I agree with the requirement for all Member States to submit details of individual seafarers’ training certification to the Commission on an annual basis in order to get a better picture of the seafaring profession in Europe.
Secondly, because the report addresses the essential aspects of safety and recognition of seafarers’ certificates issued by third countries by the European Maritime Safety Agency.
I supported this directive, which transposes into EU law the changes to the convention on the training of seafarers adopted by the International Maritime Organisation (IMO).
Laima Liucija Andrikienė (PPE), in writing.
Let us not forget that the European Union condemns Israel’s settlement policy, which it considers to be illegal, and that it decided in 2009 to suspend any upgrade of relations with Israel (following the launch of Operation Cast Lead against Gaza).
and this vote will send out the message that the EU favours increased trade with Israel over the welfare of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians who are daily subjected to a blockade of Gaza, illegal settlements on their territories, an apartheid wall and property evictions and demolitions.
Given the precariousness of the situation under international law and possible disadvantages which could in some circumstances arise for the Palestinian people, I cannot vote for the recommendation to consent to the conclusion of the Protocol.
The amendments that were adopted also introduce the issues of non-discrimination, protection of minorities, gender equality and the role of health and education, and restrict the definition of Official Development Assistance (ODA).
The universal guiding principle of the EU’s development policy should be grounded in the EU’s values and principles of liberty, equality, respect for human rights and the individual, as defined in the Lisbon Treaty.
In economic terms, the impressive rise of China, India and Brazil is effectively displacing the centre of gravity away from mature economies towards emerging countries, which, despite their impressive economic growth, are still unable to bring poverty effectively under control.
We believe that some of the ideas in this report are quite positive, such as ensuring that the primary aim of the implementation of development policy is the eradication of poverty and exclusion, and the consideration given to the problem of food security, to the right of developing countries to regulate investment (particularly foreign investment), to the central role that public aid must continue to play, and to the need to assess the results of cooperation policy, among other issues.
It acts throughout the food chain, from the safety of food for animals intended for human consumption to the protection of plants and plant health.
In order to support European SMEs, it is essential to provide a simpler and more streamlined regulatory framework, avoiding the national-level bureaucracy that often hampers their activity.
The reality, though, is that to achieve sustainable growth and to kick-start the economy, as requested by the Europe 2020 strategy, coherent and coordinated industrial policies from the Member States as well as deep structural changes of the EU industrial system are very important and necessary.
The main cause of the collapse of this type of company, which accounts for the majority of jobs in Europe, is the fall in consumer spending by the middle and working classes, who are being impoverished by the austerity policies championed by the European Union.
Of particular importance, in this context, are the divergent views on the issue of genetically modified organisms.
This own-initiative report emphasises, with appropriate realism and without ignoring the contextual difficulties, the huge potential benefits of a comprehensive trade agreement.
Other important questions are also dealt with, such as removal of trade barriers, the introduction of measures to ensure better market access, including for investment, the protection of intellectual property rights, the opening up of public procurement markets to ensure full reciprocity and convergence on mutual recognition of regulatory standards.
Moreover, in view of the ongoing financial crisis, we must strengthen our relationship, as it is the only way out of the crisis.
EU-US trade and investment must be put to better use in order to stimulate intelligent, strong, balanced, sustainable growth, focused on social inclusion and resources effectiveness, and ultimately job creation.
Even though the Commission announced last year its intention to modify the Directive, this was not yet done.
Eva Lichtenberger (Verts/ALE).
The real benefits of this agreement – exports, job creation, increased growth and competitiveness of the European Union – would most certainly outweigh the preventable challenges, which we should tackle sooner rather than later.
President.
We should focus on completing the single market, promote entrepreneurs and make way for growth and prosperity.
President.
Thank you, Mr Böge.
The debate begins only now, and I believe that it would be irresponsible to move to a growing number of national corrections.
It is where Janusz and I have been defending the Commission’s proposals and where there is also active involvement of the European Parliament in the whole process.
Janusz Lewandowski, Member of the Commission.
Marielle de Sarnez (ALDE).
Secondly, alongside the banking union, we need a solidarity mechanism, the creation of a European bond market.
Otherwise, what kind of credibility will we have if we are defending women’s rights outside the European Union yet having to teach a lesson to the governments of certain countries that do not respect those rights themselves?
Derk Jan Eppink (ECR).
On Spanish television he suggested sending the Guardia Civil to Catalonia to deal with moves towards Catalan independence.
This would complement our efforts for a stronger and more binding framework for the implementation of key economic policies, in particular in the euro area, as one important means of preventing imbalances.
I hope that you have the determination to reach your goal and bring us a nice Christmas present at our December part-session.
That is why implementation and systematic controls are more effective than a constant stream of new ideas.
Some of these issues are extremely difficult from a political and technical point of view but the decisions should be as urgent as possible.
Indeed, that is the critical task for the Member States.
However, we were not awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for social peace within the EU.
That is why the four Presidents of the institutions are currently working on more initiatives.
The social dimension is everywhere, both in the Member States and in the policies adopted at European level.
It is the same for Mr Schäuble’s proposal.
Mr Van Rompuy, you said earlier that things are improving.
So let us put aside the self-congratulations and let us forget the mutual backstabbing.
It adds that the budget adopted by the Committee on Budgets has restored all of the budget cuts proposed by the Council with regard to the amounts intended for cohesion for growth and employment.
The EU also seeks to undo rebates which at present are in place to stop Member States such as the UK being used solely as a cash cow and provide protections for the citizens who would be disproportionately burdened with the financial costs of levelling out wealth across the Union.
At the end of November, there will be a meeting of the European Council, at which a political agreement is expected to be reached.
In addition to the issue of the percentage, the other main problem is that of the EU’s own resources.
Mr President, the medium-term financial framework will set the parameters for the next seven years of EU budgets and could not come at a more sensitive time.
Elisabeth Morin-Chartier (PPE), in writing.
Sławomir Witold Nitras (PPE), in writing.
An increasing number of people are being won over to the view that cuts and belt-tightening will kill, rather than cure, the patient.
Increased spending of this nature, together with the reorganisation of own resources, is the best way for the EU to attempt to counter and overcome the crisis currently affecting the Member States.
We invite the Commission to put forward proposals in this regard.
This report proposes the creation of a new EU VAT own resource system which would reduce the administrative burden on the Member States with the overall aim of financing the EU budget entirely from own resources.
Finally, the matter of the EU having its own financial resources.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
Inês Cristina Zuber (GUE/NGL), in writing.
We need to give priority to the public services that can shield us from the crisis.
Anna Hedh, Olle Ludvigsson, Jens Nilsson, Marita Ulvskog and Åsa Westlund (S&D), in writing.
But there are also what I would call a number of fringe issues about which I have some questions particularly for Commissioner Barnier.
Citizens are not sceptical without reason: many efforts to extend the single market, including those made in the area of public procurement, are misguided.
We are disproportionately affected by the eurozone crisis because we are too tightly bound to Europe, with whom we trade at a deficit.
Compliance with existing national rules is equally important.
When barriers fall, the dividing walls are lower as well.
Madam President, the common market also has a role to play in the field of energy.
You managed, Commissioner, to help us show that it is a win-win situation for all, for business and consumers;
I want to hear what you have to say, Commissioner, I want you to tell us how together we can create a fairer Europe, a Europe that facilitates, a Europe that protects.
During the Erasmus Day Live initiative, some suggestions were made to President Barroso such as exchanging homes, which could make it easier and less expensive for families, or introducing some working hours (young people want to work, and they could do so in libraries and archives, or in cultural institutions), and regionalisation.
There is a large amount of money is needed not only for cohesion and for rural development, but also for external obligations and especially for Heading 1a which concerns competitiveness, covering all sorts of research programmes including Lifelong Learning.
With the amendment to the 2012 budget submitted by the European Commission a strong signal has been given to the Member States to comply with their commitments.
Bills must be paid!
The zones offer some protection to vulnerable coastal communities.
I voted in favour of this legislative resolution on the conservation and sustainable exploitation of fisheries resources under the common fisheries policy.
Since this Food Assistance Convention is fully in line with the EU’s ongoing efforts to contribute to reducing poverty and eradicating hunger globally in the framework of the Millennium Development Goals, I am voting in favour and welcome the approval, which represents a step forward in aid to the most deprived.
Rareş-Lucian Niculescu (PPE), in writing.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
The aim of this Directive is to repeal the Decision of 1995, which is the current legislative framework, and to gradually deepen the work of the European External Action Service.
Ioan Enciu (S&D), in writing.
This same right is enshrined in Article 23 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU).
namely, the right to be protected in third countries.
Aldo Patriciello (PPE), in writing.
legislative vacuum – in certain areas the EU legal framework does not meet the expectations of citizens and businesses.
Philippe Juvin (PPE), in writing.
Philippe Boulland (PPE), in writing.
For that reason, it is appropriate to amend Regulation (EC) No 1225/2009.
Bilateral trading volume with Japan is dramatically lower than with other partners such as the USA, China and Russia.
We should draw on experience with the EU-South Korea FTA to achieve comparable market access penetration in negotiations with Japan.
Regrettably, other aspects have been overlooked or not appropriately addressed.
PCD is not merely a technical issue, but is primarily a political responsibility and Parliament, as co-legislator and as a democratically elected institution, has a key responsibility for translating the commitments into concrete policies.
As the San José Articles show, no international instrument can be used to found a human right to abortion.
I also agree with the proposal to remove Yugoslavia from this text as it was replaced by a few new countries a long time ago.
The Commission argues that since the revision of the regulation on seed (under codecision procedure) will only be launched in September 2012, a time limit of ten years seems necessary to avoid the expiration within this process.
Sebastian Valentin Bodu (PPE), in writing.
At its heart, MiFID is about creating a positive environment for investors, both large and small, and for the companies that need to raise money in our markets.
Many Member States – the Netherlands, Finland, Denmark, Sweden, Belgium – have recognised this and are in the process of introducing a ban.
At the same time, high-frequency trading, which unfortunately represents a significant component of the financial markets, has caused instability and serious losses to the European economy.
Member States can ensure that investment advice may or will be banned …’
That is why, like Ms McCarthy, Mr Schmidt, Mr Klute, Mr Goebbels, Mr Langen, Ms Berès, Mr Mann and Mr Cutaş, I want to state my support for your rapporteur’s proposals, which you have supported unanimously, to further demonstrate – I am speaking now to Mr Giegold – that Commission proposals can always be, and often are, improved or strengthened.
I have always thought and observed that those managing the City and the UK Exchequer supported the effort we are making together in favour of the single market in financial services, transparency and promotion of healthy markets.
Sven Giegold, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
On the other hand, it is being suggested that it is perfectly natural to apply sanctions to countries that do not meet the targets laid down in the Treaties for deficits and debt.
I believe that as this new instrument for coordinating Member States’ economic policies has been in place for one year, the Commission should review the scope and structure and nature of the data forwarded to Brussels by the Member States for review and approval so that the essence of the required information is not lost as a result of the large number of diverse and non-transparent data.
Most of the countries of Europe need reflation without inflation.
For the next Semester, in 2013, I want to see the Commission and the Council address rising unemployment and rising poverty much more seriously: for instance, through that binding Youth Guarantee;
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL).
What is also very important is that we need the development of the Danube.
They can give the Danube Strategy an extra boost to meet its objectives.
I believe that, after we submit the proposal to you, you will all agree that it is a very ambitious one which is very important for the health of European citizens.
It is always a pleasure to see you here one more year on the occasion of the evaluation of the report on your activities.
This year I have again included in the annual report the category of ‘star cases’ in order to highlight illustrative examples of exemplary administrative practice by institutions and bodies revealed through my inquiries and, in addition, to emphasise that a central function of the Ombudsman institution is to strengthen and deepen a culture of service in the EU institutions and bodies by promoting and supporting best practice.
I also published, in 2011, a booklet entitled ‘Problems with the EU?
That is because it is very difficult to do business with Russia.
In all the remarks, it was quite clear that honourable Members feel a certain disappointment about the way in which the WTO rules are respected by Russia.
At the same time it is a vast sales market for investment and consumer goods.
Are we confident that the Russian administration is consistent enough to provide such a basis?
Please would you convey to your nation that we are glad that you are in the WTO, and we would like you to be as wealthy a society as can be, enjoying all of the benefits that the societies and nations of the European Union enjoy.
I believe it is necessary for both us as MEPs and the Commission to engage in intensive dialogue with SMEs so that, at European level, we can develop policies that take their needs into account as much as possible.
Looking at his own website, Mr Farage’s expenditure accounts are a complete fabrication.
The decrees created after the war laid the foundations for applying the principle of collective guilt and the shameful practice of ethnic cleansing.
The next item is the debate on the Commission statement on the elections in Belarus.
This is a priority.
The pressure really needs to come from below.
The next item is the debate on the Commission statement on the elections in Georgia.
It is very interesting;
He was accused of having caused the death of a patient.
The human rights record in some of those neighbouring countries is appalling.
The UAE has a better record on human rights, on looking after its migrant workers and on all the other conditions on the ICCP of the United Nations than of any of the other countries in the region.
Mr President, the EU has followed the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the United Arab Emirates with some concern in recent months.
She risked her life by standing up to those who systematically victimise women and practise gender apartheid.
Ultimately she paid the price for her courage when she was shot by the Taliban earlier this month.
Pakistan is a sovereign state, so we in the EU cannot tell it what to do, but we must support it in the difficulties it is encountering.
At the same time, official statistics are often secret, which obstructs public participation in political dialogue.
Tunne Kelam, on behalf of the PPE Group.
I believe that the European Parliament’s text will increase transparency and reduce speculative practices with the overall aim of protecting investors and making financial markets more transparent and efficient.
Contrary to what this report would have us believe, it is not merely the current functioning of the markets that generates instability and financial and economic crisis.
It is very important.
That also means refraining from unwarranted interference in internal Russian affairs.
Sergio Paolo Francesco Silvestris (PPE), in writing.
I am in favour of strengthening this relationship through the Partnership for Modernisation, which is based on mutual interests and a deep commitment to universal democratic principles, respect for human rights and the rule of law.
Georgia, on the other hand, is a model that Belarus can follow.
We condemn the fact that journalists have been arrested for doing their job, in a clear attack on freedom of expression;
Nuno Melo (PPE), in writing.
Independent observers reported many violations.
It will require an extra effort from both sides.
I hope that the new government and the opposition will concentrate on the further democratic development of their country.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The Agreement, renewed to 2011, provides for the setting up of the Energy Star programme in the EU.
I support the report by Ms Gardiazábal Rubial on innovative financial instruments in the context of the new multiannual financial framework 2014-2020.
During 2011, the Ombudsman helped more than 22 000 citizens, of whom 2 510 submitted complaints, 1 284 requested information and 18 274 obtained advice through the internet.
The rising number of complaints also reflects the fact that the European Ombudsman now has the competence to act in response to maladministration and illegal behaviour without maladministration being automatically restricted to unlawful activity.
Challenging the right to object to recognition or enforcement of a Member State judgment on the ground of manifest incompatibility with the enforcing Member State’s public policy is a genuinely backward step.
Mutual trust in the administration of justice in the EU justifies the principle that judgments given in a Member State should be recognised without the need for any special procedure, and cross-border litigation needs to be made less time-consuming and costly.
It will not be the last, certainly not in this field of legal rules, but it will help us to show the public more clearly what the European Union can do, and what it does, on their behalf.
It is imperative that these eight countries should sign up to the Convention.
We should finally stop playing games.
Mr President, in my speech, I want to express my full support for the right of every citizen of the European Union to submit a petition to the European Parliament.
It is much more powerful than all the villains in films by John Ford, Alfred Hitchcock and Emir Kusturica rolled into one.
I know that the Partido Popular has many domestic problems and no doubt wishes to turn attention away by reviving this great ghost of Gibraltar, but it has no right to do so and I call on the European Union to intervene to bring sanity.
I understand that they have now since changed their opinion on that, but it illustrates the problem and I hope the Commission will look seriously at this.
The goal is clear;
For all these reasons the Commission drafted a Green Paper on shadow banking to identify the appropriate measures to regulate these risks in Europe.
Similarly, across the European Union, Member States have continued to work to eliminate such gaps in protection and control for minors and have produced laws and have encouraged self-regulation.
Andreas Mölzer (NI).
I believe that, in order to restore sustainable growth in Europe, it is imperative to meet these challenges, partly through well targeted social investments which have the objective of preparing society to manage a change to much more flexible jobs markets, of restoring sufficient levels of employment in future and of improving Europe’s competitiveness.
The vote will take place tomorrow.
Private investors investing long term in not-for-profit projects already have a range of options: development banks or public-private partnerships, to name just two.
They have my full support.
The technical requirements for approval of agricultural vehicles in respect of many environmental and safety features have been harmonised at EU level to ensure a high level of road safety and safety at work, as well as a high level of protection for the environment.
I must emphasise that the new regulations will make a substantial improvement to the environmental and safety performance in all the vehicles we are discussing, which will be advantageous for citizens and the whole of society, and they also allow industry sufficient time to adapt production to the new requirements.
As rapporteur for my group, I commend this report to the House – even though it could have been better.
John Bufton, on behalf of the EFD Group.
I believe that we urgently need to begin drilling and testing to make an assessment of how much shale gas is recoverable.
Carl Schlyter (Verts/ALE), blue-card answer.
Mr President, on the face of it, and listening to this debate, I must say that shale gas is probably the most exciting development in the sphere of energy since the discovery of North Sea oil.
Sandrine Bélier (Verts/ALE), blue-card question.
Sabine Wils (GUE/NGL).
We need more reliable information on the quantities of gas and on exploration costs.
Rolandas Paksas (EFD).
We need to do likewise.
Kathleen Van Brempt (S&D).
I must tell you that on the same day that Ford announced the closure of its plant in Genk, it informed its business in Valencia that its production was to be transferred to Germany, in the same statement.
What are the foundations of this strategy?
Sabine Verheyen, on behalf of the PPE Group.
We should consider whether in the future, perhaps by having petitions examined in some kind of scope, whether petitions might not be also dealt with by committees for specific areas, to enable these petitions to be more thoroughly diagnosed.
I would also like to draw attention to the need for a reaction to petitions which have been deemed inadmissible.
We aim not only to respond to complaints but also to create genuine solutions to the issues raised in the petitions, working together with the Committee on Petitions and the European Commission.
Cristian Dan Preda, on behalf of the PPE Group.
Victor Boştinaru, on behalf of the S&D Group.
What is at stake here is both the quality of day-to-day life for European citizens and the preservation of the unique natural heritage of our Union.
I would also remind you, although there may be some in this House who will not like to be reminded, of the case of Spain, which we are discussing here – and rightly so – or of another famous case: Cadena Cope, a Catalan radio station, which was refused a concession, and which, thanks to the debates and the pressure brought about by the Committee on Petitions, won its battle with the President of the European Parliament Josep Borrell, with the result that this concession was awarded to that station.
I therefore make my appeal once again, as I did last year, to the Commission to take systematic action in this area to improve the situation for complainants once and for all.
With this in mind, I wish us all great success in the work we will carry out together!
During the crisis many citizens viewed the work of the European Union, Parliament, the Commission and the Council as a means of supporting the banks.
The Council modified its position on the two-pack last week.
In the long term, we must further broaden EMU if we wish to ensure stability and sustainable prosperity.
Parliament is the body with the capacity to explain that we cannot continue with a short-term vision that goes forwards and then backwards.
Andrew Henry William Brons (NI).
The report claims that it will achieve sustainable growth and a high level of employment, but it admits that unemployment in the 27 has risen by 50% from 2008 to 2012.
Moreover, that is why, after the 29 June summit, the reaction was somewhat favourable, a certain calm on the markets, because, after two or three years of urgent responses, with our backs to the wall, all of the responses came together, including those involving growth.
Questions are taken exclusively on a catch-the-eye basis;
Because of the situation and because we want to overcome this crisis by focusing on the real economy, I believe that greater weight should be given to the Competitiveness Council and that the Commission should be given a bigger coordinating role, and I would like to thank Parliament for the support it has always given me on this.
Mr President, the answer lies in the new model for Horizon 2020, in which innovation and research are aimed at industry: applying the results of research to industry – there was the famous ‘valley of death’ in the key enabling technologies sector, which caused a massive brain drain – and promoting the system of clusters, which will link up more and more universities – the research arena – with industry and small and medium-sized enterprises.
Haiti has fertile soil and is easily able to start feeding its citizens again and exporting its surpluses.
Just as, in the same vein, during my term of office and with your cooperation, the right to health, work, equal opportunities, gender equality and protection of minors will become a reality.
The successive Co-Presidents of the ACP-EU Council also attended both sessions.
In some Member States, however, these are divergent and may cause barriers to trade within the European Union.
It can be achieved through a system of checks that prevent the sale of high concentrations, enabling the lawfulness of the final use to be checked.
I am in favour of this regulation, as proposed by the Commission, which provides, in connection with the accession of Croatia, for a derogation to the general rules on the recruitment of European Union staff.
A new Protocol that decides on the fishing opportunities for the subsequent year, taking into account scientific advice, the precautionary approach, the needs of the fishing industry and the minimum quantities for maintaining Greenlandic fishing activities, is consistent with the aims of the common fisheries policy and I therefore think it is a positive Protocol for both parties.
I believe that this is essential for the effective operation of the Agreement.
The domestic fisheries sector is the economy’s most significant earner, accounting for 13 % of direct gross value added and 17 % of employment (including processing and other linked activities).
With this new agreement, Greenland has made available to the EU a new quota of 2 000 tonnes of demersal redfish, and we hope that there is now a fair distribution of that quota between the Member States, recognising the legitimate rights and aspirations of the Portuguese fleet, which has suffered such obvious discrimination and harm.
The Machinery Directive will enable better monitoring of third-party products entering the European Union.
The Consumer Credit Directive has two objectives: guaranteeing a high level of consumer protection and strengthening the internal market in cross-border consumer credit.
Thus a good instrument is in effect;
It draws no conclusion from the finding that these types of organisations are not following the obligations imposed on them to provide clear information to citizens and are forcing them into over-indebtedness.
I voted in favour of the Report on Social Investment Pact as I believe that is a good response to the crisis.
However, whilst it is essential to reduce debt and put the public accounts in order, it is also necessary to complete such measures with real incentives for growth, competitiveness and employment, in order to bring growth back to Europe and to end the recession.
This report, with its fine sentiment, is yet another sham.
The statement that the ‘success of European farmers will depend on their ability to increase their market share’ is a telling apology for the ‘productivist’, export-based models that sacrifice food quality, security and sovereignty for the ‘competitiveness’ of a few large farms.
The Resale Right Directive was designed to achieve two objectives: on the one hand, to ensure that authors of graphic and plastic works of art share in the economic success of their creations, and, on the other hand, to harmonise the application of the resale right in the EU.
József Szájer (PPE), in writing.
France’s market share was 4.5 %, with a 9 % increase in turnover;
By virtue of introducing binding rules increasing accountability, the report aims to make ordinary legislative procedures more efficient and transparent.
This blatant discrimination against the marginalised cannot be justified.
This new framework will be in line with current needs, both in terms of better market surveillance, emission levels and the level of safety, which, in my opinion, is a key issue as regards this type of vehicle with the mandatory introduction of anti-lock braking systems (ABS) in new motorcycles up to 50 cc.
I would also point out our efforts, as members of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, to introduce proposals for a new rule on jurisdiction for disputes concerning industrial action, for individual work contracts, for disputes concerning the infringement of privacy and the right to legal personality.
Better type-approval requirements for L-category vehicles can facilitate the transition to more efficient, safe and clean urban mobility.
I think that the report by Mr Panzeri highlights the problem areas of the industry and the new requirements appropriately.
Siiri Oviir (ALDE), in writing.
The various barriers preventing the European payments market from working as efficiently, openly and in as integrated a way as possible were identified in the Green Paper on an integrated European market for card, internet and mobile payments.
Moreover, the report notes that common standards should be sought at the global level in close cooperation with economic partners.
Because of the speed with which new payment methods are emerging, it is becoming necessary to adapt the European payment market to ensure that it works more efficiently.
For this reason I believe it is necessary to introduce harmonisation measures to make cross-border payments as convenient as domestic payments.
The European Central Bank (with the European Systemic Risk Board) should play an important role in this regard.
As such, shadow banking takes place via entities or financial contracts generating a combination of bank-like functions but outside the scope of regulation or under a regulatory regime which is either light or addresses issues other than systemic risks, and without access to central bank liquidity facilities or public sector credit guarantees.
For the gradual establishment of such an area, the Union is to adopt measures relating to judicial cooperation in civil matters having cross-border implications, particularly when necessary for the proper functioning of the internal market.
Indeed, some aspects of the shadow banking system may have beneficial effects on the real economy, whereas others can lead to tragic situations and high systemic risk.
The growing popularity of social networking means that children spend more and more time online.
Young Europeans spend up to 40 hours a week in front of the television and around 88 minutes a day online.
protection, making the distinction between the fight against illegal content and the fight against inappropriate content and conduct, protection of privacy and the right of reply and digital citizenship.
The EU has already taken initiatives in this area and the UK has at times opted in.
We must ensure responsible browsing for minors in the digital world as well as strengthen measures that ensure internet safety for minors.
I recognise that advancements in ICT can raise social capital, facilitating fundamental rights such as freedom of expression and access to information.
This is a sector that deserves our full support and therefore should benefit from a special tax regime to have easier access to funding.
In order to face up to these challenges the European Parliament proposes to support the necessary investments and experimental projects in social entrepreneurship.
Social enterprises make a huge contribution to the EU economy and I fully support this initiative, which looks at fostering their development.
equal pay and equal rights for work of equal value for all;
It is all too clear that austerity policies alone have not been effective at solving the major endemic crisis we have been battling for several years now.
Mr President, I would like to thank Commissioner Hedegaard and the President-in-Office, Mr Mavroyiannis, for their fine words once more about climate change and how serious the situation is.
I have said it before and I will say it again now.
I completely agree with Commissioner Hedegaard’s position, but it would be good to obtain our partners’ support too, notably that of the US, China and Russia and the other emerging economies.
Firstly, we need to increase the level of mitigation ambition in the period before 2020.
The costs of inaction are well-documented and will be even higher if reductions in emissions are postponed to subsequent decades.
In the 2013-2020 commitment period one such forward-looking measure might be to establish an international financing structure that could provide an suitable basis for common funding to combat climate change.
We must carefully balance the risks of climate change with the economic prosperity of the EU.
I consider it my duty to defend the rights of my country and to uphold EU rights and the credibility of the European Union, and I stress that we cannot enter into any arbitration with a country which is acting illegally, and whose foremost pre-accession obligation was and remains the lifting of the military occupation of Cyprus.
The debate is closed.
We need an unreserved yes to the State of Palestine, that is, a Palestinian State that is not restricted by settlements.
If we do not support this, if we do not call for an end to the Gaza blockade under international control, we will not achieve peace in the region.
President.
That is why this report also describes tools which could be used, for example, in policy planning, with a coherent and logical approach to defence adapted to security challenges that we in Europe will have to face in decades to come.
The European Union and Member States are leading international efforts to enhance climate security by initiating policy dialogue, including at the UN Security Council level and in its bilateral relations and by supporting concrete initiatives in the fields of climate risk management and adaptation.
Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
We are very concerned about the further limitation of political freedoms and the independent media and call on Kazakhstan to repeal the vague criminal charge of ‘inciting social unrest’ in its criminal code.
Meanwhile the Council of Baptist Churches has reported that this summer some government officials, would you believe, threatened to confiscate homes where unregistered Baptist services were being held.
Mr President, Kazakhstan is an important partner of the Union in Central Asia and a factor of stability in the region.
Kazakhstan has been an important partner for the EU in Central Asia, not only on trade and economic exchanges, but as a stable country which has a proven track record of inter-ethnic and inter-religious harmony and tolerance.
I would like to refer again to two main points.
But I would like to add one element and that is that the directive for us is a precondition for further police and justice cooperation and that is something that the Council should understand because the Council too has wishes.
I hope that we sort this mess out tomorrow, as requested by various organisations, including Shark Alliance, Oceana and Humane Society International.
These are the seals, the grey seals, large numbers of which lie in wait for their prey.
I am aware that the barbaric practice of finning has resulted in overfishing and that the European fleets are not innocent in all of this.
Exemptions are always problematical.
I am particularly pleased with the proposals in the Ferreira report, which are for the most part similar to my own.
In the UK, we have already taken steps to ensure that the wasteful practice of shark finning at sea cannot take place on UK-registered vessels, and we have been joined by many other countries around the world.
Just two clarifications: regarding the problem of predators – yes, I recognise that there is a problem;
We have to fish only for the surplus;
I think we are moving into a decisive phase in these negotiations.
What is he saying now?
But did you read Mr Miliband’s speech at the CBI?
Jacek Protasiewicz (PPE), Blue-card question.
(Applause)
We will defend the European aid programme for the poor, which you mentioned.
Unfortunately, in my opinion, these have caused difficulty and diminished the democratic dimension of the budget adoption.
Therefore, let us replace the threat of veto and the vicious circle with a virtuous one and embark on this by definition cathartic exercise, sticking together in adversity and coming out of it stronger and better off and, at the end of the day, bequeathing a better Europe to future generations.
Only a credible MFF can help them to overcome the heritage of the past and become connected to the heart of Europe.
I believe that the European Union was right to release the funds to Italy to demonstrate its solidarity.
Europe and Europeans need jobs, investment and growth now.
I also suggest that the EU should simultaneously notify both countries upon conclusion of its internal procedures.
I voted for the report on the implementation of the agreements concluded by the European Union following negotiations under Article XXVIII of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994.
I am keeping a close watch on the implementation of these agreements that are necessary to bring up the level of protection in order to address the said substitution.
It concerns legislation that favours importers of natural resources, who are calling for price certainty for imports of this raw material.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Moreira on amending the Annexes to Protocols 1 and 2 of the Euro-Mediterranean Agreement establishing an association between EU and Israel.
I believe that this agreement is important because it is not only aimed at avoiding increases of wood export duties applied by Russia but ensures more guarantees and better trade conditions for many EU manufacturers.
Finally, the rapporteur regrets that the European Parliament is only given a consulting role, in view of the political importance of the file and its significant budget.
Parliament has emphasised, in particular, the rule of law, the principle of legal clarity and the requirements of transparency.
Greater access to information on complaints, infringement files and so on could be provided without jeopardising the purpose of investigations.
Nuno Teixeira (PPE), in writing.
The challenge is now to find a technique to extract them cleanly.
Unfortunately, the amendment that I co-signed, calling on the Member States not to authorise hydraulic fracturing, was rejected by the European Parliament: the 262 votes in favour were not sufficient.
We need alternative energy and shale gas might be the solution at the moment.
I believe that financial assistance should be released as soon as possible for communities affected by natural disasters.
Eider Gardiazábal Rubial, on behalf of the S&D Group.
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
The previous regulation included a measure prohibiting fishing with trammel nets in waters deeper than 200 m, which was highly prejudicial to and discriminated against the Portuguese fleet, which used to fish for anglerfish to a depth of approximately 400 m.
The aim of this report was to allow the continuation of exemption measures.
However, the current rules are too easily circumvented by fishermen and shark stocks are shrinking: according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), more than 25 % of all pelagic shark species, of which over 50 % are large oceanic-pelagic sharks, are threatened.
Despite EU legislation on shark finning existing since 2003, loopholes enabled this barbaric and wasteful practise to continue.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
I welcome this resolution which calls for the EU to sign the Hague Convention of 25 October 1980 on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction.
The Convention of 25 October 1980 allows signatory countries to cooperate in order to resolve international child abductions by establishing the competent courts and applicable laws to determine the child’s country of residence.
Enlargement is beneficial for the entire EU, bringing it a better standing in the resolution of global problems and therefore I have supported the resolution and the conditions which should enhance the credibility and effectiveness of enlargement.
I welcome the proposals set out that by 2020 the EU should reduce its CO2 emissions by 30 %, compared to 1990.
After Durban, this new Climate Change Conference should be the occasion to act on past commitments and ensure that they are swiftly enforced.
To this end, we call on the EU to aim for a 30 % reduction in its emissions by 2020, we stress our support for the inclusion of air transport in the European emissions trading system, and we ask that the issue of emissions from the international maritime transport sector be addressed swiftly.
Ewald Stadler (NI).
Juozas Imbrasas (EFD), in writing.
Enlargement undoubtedly opens up new opportunities for the whole of the EU and its citizens.
I believe in the urgent need to bring humanitarian assistance to all the people affected by the conflict, and in particular to the deprived population in the Gaza Strip.
Resolving this conflict is therefore of the utmost urgency and a matter of daily concern for the whole world.
Siiri Oviir (ALDE), in writing.
I trust in Europe’s ability to act as a mediator and call for the exercise of moderation in all military operations.
Mr President, I supported the report since I believe that the EU security strategy has in previous years been inadequate and, in view of today’s security challenges, even obsolete.
We tabled amendments contesting the following issues: Strategic Autonomy, Defence Budgets, Need for more military action, Extension of ATALANTA, EUTM Somalia, Military action in North Mali and alternatives, EU border control mission in Libya, Procurement of drones, European Buying Act for arms, Defence Research, EU budget and Defence Agency, Military and civilian chains of command and HQ.
Nuno Teixeira (PPE), in writing.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Luís Paulo Alves (S&D), in writing.
Cyber security is a colossal challenge for the European Union.
For this reason, EU institutions should develop their cyber security strategies and contingency plans to include in their risk analysis and crisis management plans the issue of cyber crisis management.
Another important dimension is the need to have closer collaboration with all institutions, private businesses and society and also to maintain a clear focus and political will.
Cyberspace, with its nearly two billion globally interconnected users, has become one of the most potent and efficient means of advancing democratic ideas and organising people as they seek to realise their aspirations for freedom and to fight against dictatorships.
Elena Băsescu (PPE).
The rise in, or the threat of, conflicts in third countries due to climate phenomena can only be effectively tackled if their causes are duly identified and resolved.
Adam Bielan (ECR).
Certainly it is perfectly able to retain links with Russia, by being part of the Eurasian Economic Committee and, at the same time, seek closer cooperation with the European Union.
Paulo Rangel (PPE), in writing.
New and more coherent objectives must be defined that respond to the needs and the characteristics of small-scale fishing.
They do need a lot of protecting, particularly in the future, in relation to the way they are being discriminated against, especially by the big factory ships which are engaging in practices such as mincing and in not declaring their real catch when then come to shore.
As a result, one of the priority objectives of the external dimension of the CFP must be to guarantee the future of the European long-distance fleet, particularly insofar as it holds fishing rights that have served as the basis for the economic and social development of the countries in which it operates.
João Ferreira (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The main actions it envisages are the joint strategy for tackling illegal fishing, reinforcing support for the development of international instruments for the conservation and management of fish stocks in the context of the Food and Agriculture Organisation and promoting the conduct of performance reviews in respect of the RFMOs.
It is a well-known fact that women are underrepresented in politics, even though they play a crucial role in solving crises and conflicts.
Furthermore, it is very important for scientific research to be carried out in this field on a constant basis and for a full control mechanism to be established.
I call on the Member States concerned to provide and publish data accounts of returning female salmon to their rivers.
Mr President, we are deeply concerned at the latest reports regarding the situation of migrants, asylum seekers and other vulnerable foreign nationals in Libya.
He knows very well what I think.
However, there is a long way to go until we see a fully-fledged democratic country that upholds human rights, civil liberties, the rule of law and gender equality.
The direct representation brings a crucial element of legitimacy for the actions of the EU.
What we need today more than ever are pan-European debates, a better understanding of what is at stake, higher voter turnout and also a more direct link between the election result and the leadership of the Commission.
I just wondered if in future the Court might find it possible to make a distinction between those different types of things.
one day, perhaps, we will also have to scrutinise what their audit authorities are doing.
Madam President, the fact that as much as 60 % of the errors identified in the implementation of regional policy could and should have been detected by Member States is extremely worrying.
The European Commission must present the accounts before 31 March each year, the Court must publish its report before 30 June, and Parliament must vote before 31 December.
You can rest assured that dialogue with this Parliament will be a key priority in my future work.
I would like to stress that you – this Parliament – have already substantially contributed to that goal.
Vítor Manuel da Silva Caldeira, President of the Court of Auditors.
With all due respect for your work and that of others, I invite you to come and see for yourself the extent to which agreements with the World Trade Organisation have a positive or negative effect on enterprises in Northern Italy.
Yes it will – I hope it does – boost our trade, and we need some trade in Europe, especially at this moment in time.
In particular, it transferred foreign direct investment to European level and entrusted the EU with a major additional policy tool.
While it is not mandatory at present to label country of origin, there is legislation coming down the track in 2014 which will make it mandatory to label imported products, including poultry, with its country of origin.
They also incentivise us to think further in some domains such as, for example, the provision of export credits.
Thanks also to the coordinators, to one of whom – Salvador Garriga Polledo – I need to wish a speedy recovery, and to President Schulz for backing the process from the very beginning.
Derek Vaughan, rapporteur.
The Jensen report asked for an increase in the minimum numbers of suppliers to be considered.
These countries that are doing it are damaging their ability to do this business.
Likewise the eight-hour limit is simply not backed by science and any assessment of animal stress and upset.
What have your fundamental rights given us in return?
Those of you who lived under Communist dictatorships prior to your joining the European Union might think that this is an improvement.
Now, in spite of this, one Member State has failed to take the necessary steps which would have ensured that the Multiannual Framework is adopted in time, and as a result the Agency and its staff will be in caretaker mode from January.
I find it embarrassing that Spain, for petty nationalistic reasons, wants to be out.
In support of the pro-democratic Kyrgyz authorities’ efforts to alleviate the consequences of the tragic events, EUR 30 million has been provided, proposed by the Commission, to be disbursed half in loans and half in grants.
At present 60% of e-commerce websites are unsuitable for cross-border on-line shoppers, and consumer and business confidence in the digital environment is still low.
We must also help them to access market information and EU legislation in order to overcome legal obstacles and identify potential business partners in third countries markets.
Justina Vitkauskaite (ALDE), in writing.
It will be entitled to intervene, for example, to tackle pollution caused by offshore oil and gas installations and not just pollution caused by ships, as is the case now.
the lack of a single litigation system causes additional costs for the patent proprietor.
It is very important to highlight that this protection measure should only be temporary in nature and be used only to avoid the threat of injury, or injury itself, to EU industries from the surge in imports from Central America, specifically in the trade of bananas.
The resistance of Spain and Italy to this policy is regrettable.
Justas Vincas Paleckis (S&D), in writing.
There is no better forum than the United Nations to ensure that universal human rights are recognised as just that – applying to every woman, man and child, wherever they may live.
We call as well for the establishment of an international mechanism to monitor human rights in the Western Sahara.
A lot of work lies ahead.
Mr President, Russia is a strategic partner for the EU with vast oil, gas and mineral reserves.
On 11 September 2012, the High Representative commented extensively here in Parliament on the political use of justice in Russia, echoing many of the concerns that have been raised in this House.
We saw the consequences of supporting decades of dictatorial regimes and decided that, even with an uncertain future ahead, the EU needed a more values-based policy to build partnerships with people in these countries.
Finally, as a group, we stress the need to respect the religious freedom of the Coptic Christian minority, who feel threatened by a Parliament and a government dominated by the Muslim Brotherhood, and by Sharia being the sole legal basis within the Constitution.
Should this Parliament condemn it?
I am astonished by a lot of the things I hear in this Parliament, I have to say.
The EU needs to be clearer and also to take action on the illegal settlement products and to have proper labelling.
I am not here to defend the radicals on the left or whoever, but we have seen in this campaign – if you have followed it closely – the absolutely unacceptable behaviour of the Svoboda Party with very clear nationalist, anti-Semitic messages which I think need to be clearly evaluated by our Parliament.
We have encouraged Member States to use the Family Reunification Directive, so that people who have family members who are already in Europe could apply and then be given a visa, whereupon they could be brought safely to their relatives in Sweden, Denmark, Germany, Switzerland, etc.
We have also said that they must be given access to the asylum system when they come, should they want to ask for asylum.
Member States need to provide international protection for refugees from Syria where appropriate, and to continue to monitor the situation closely in order to be prepared for the possibility of a large-scale arrival of refugees from the region in the European Union.
I made it very clear last October that the Blueprint is the start of a debate and not its end and, of course, the European Parliament must and will be involved and take part in this debate at every stage of the process.
The slots regulation has to include sufficient safeguard clauses to guarantee vitally important connections, such as the Dublin-Heathrow links and also, as other speakers have said, to guarantee peripheral regions as hub airports for the same reason.
− Globalisation has positive and negative effects on the economy.
Parliament as a whole voted to refer the report back to the committee, where transport workers’ unions will be further consulted on the best way forward.
In order to increase the performance of the whole EU aviation chain and to achieve the realisation of the Single European Sky, we need to provide harmonised minimum requirements for airports and their operators.
We also need to guarantee the neutrality and equality in the allocation, management and use of slots, in order to encourage effective competition and avoid fraud or misleading information.
It is important to note that enhanced cooperation respects the rights, competences and obligations of the non-participating Member States, inasmuch as the possibility of raising harmonised FTT on the territories of the participating Member States does not affect either the ability of non-participating Member States to maintain or introduce similar taxation at a national level, or the conditions for raising such taxes on their territories.
I very much hope now that Parliament can work on a proposal from the Commission to introduce a tax at an EU level.
Regulation (EC) No 1/2005 has been effective in improving standards;
We call for the fundamental rights of the people of Western Sahara, including freedom of association, freedom of expression and the right to demonstrate, to be respected.
The EU has been a major player in working with the UN and International Criminal Court (ICC) to ensure fair and open trials for accused persons.
I know that my constituents in Wales demand full respect for human rights in any cooperation between the EU and third countries.
Therefore, I hope that FRA will work on a request of the Council.
In parallel, the Commission has just started to negotiate with the Member States on the content of the Partnership Agreements and Operational Programmes for the period 2014-2020, which should focus on school-to-work transitions through the setting up of youth guarantee schemes.
I am grateful to Parliament’s negotiators for ensuring that the proposal for a new peace programme has already been agreed between Parliament and the Council within the context of the territorial cooperation dossier.
I know from the discussions I have had that many regions are already working on these mechanisms to bring funds together in the future, but I also know that many regions have not started to do that.
The tour is one of the sporting wonders of Europe and the world, and Yorkshire provides a perfect location for the race.
The euro is no longer critical: the squalor, the wretchedness, the poverty and the unemployment have become structural.
The report suggests using more cohesion funding for the technical assistance of local government, which may frequently mean nothing more than a byword for increased bureaucracy.
Nikolaos Salavrakos (EFD), in writing.
Charles Tannock (ECR).
Mr President, when we look at the number of funds which are available – the Cohesion Funds, the Globalisation Funds and other funds – there is quite clearly a level of scepticism in my country about these funds just being viewed as taking hard-working taxpayers’ money away to be spent elsewhere.
Merci la France et les soldats français!
It may not be what all of you or some of you would want.
A country controlled by such extreme and merciless terrorists would pose an incalculable risk to regional and global security.
What makes you think that a public agency of the kind that you are outlining would have the confidence of the markets, or, for that matter, the confidence of anybody?
I understand that there has been a rather tense debate on this report.
Against the backdrop of a positive assessment of the report, I am glad to inform you that some of the relevant demands are already being fulfilled in current practice.
The Commission thanks Parliament for the continuing discussions between the two institutions and hopes that the constructive debate and cooperation will continue once the proposal to revise Directive 96/53/EC has been adopted.
So, Mr President, ...
And we need that agreement.
3. Improving the education and training of healthcare professionals;
I am talking about water services, energy, etc.
Máire Geoghegan-Quinn, Member of the Commission.
But working together, we have pushed forward what we consider to be an ambitious programme in the whole area of technologies.
I am very pleased at what I have seen happening over the last 18 months, in that there is a real engagement from the authorities in Northern Ireland, from the First Minister and Deputy First Minister down – engaging here in Brussels, engaging in Belfast with those of us who have gone over to work with the Executive, and indeed yourselves and each of your colleagues that are here from Northern Ireland working with the Northern Ireland Office representation here in Brussels.
We cannot as you rightly said solve problems alone whether they are on the health side, the energy side, the food security side – whatever aspect of research and innovation is involved we have to work together.
We have seen in the last weeks a very significant deterioration in conditions in Syria, because of the combined impact of three factors.
It is an ongoing process.
They can also, of course, help in improving employment practices and working conditions, not least given that many of them have brought corporate social responsibility policies and initiatives into the workplace in third countries.
Richard Howitt (S&D).
We also welcome the response from the governments in Pakistan and Bangladesh in terms of compensation and commitment to the victims and their families, and we welcome the contribution that has been made by some overseas companies as well;
However, I am absolutely confident that we will be able to reach agreement as there is very strong support for its aims.
First we need a full and tough implementation of national anti-corruption legislation.
Depending on our mindset we can either dream or paint very rosy pictures of a possible Middle East free from weapons of mass destruction in a very near future, or we can paint an apocalyptic future.
Pessimism can become self-fulfilling.
Confidence and trust amongst the states of the region are crucial.
If the conference does not take place, this will seriously undermine the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and all other efforts towards non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
The Irish people made a good decision.
After all, it is not the first time that Ireland has undertaken it and I can tell you will need all your skill to make progress.
It is very clear, Taoiseach, that you have a very clear priority and a very clear focus on what is really important.
I want you to understand that we have absolute respect for this Parliament, the elected Members of the peoples of the European Union.
The current scenario is already having a disastrous impact on the lives of thousands of young people right across Europe;
John Bufton (EFD), in writing.
The resolution calls for all young people who are not in education, training or work to be offered a good-quality offer of employment, further education or an apprenticeship within four months.
Any self-respecting parliament nevertheless should have one seat not two.
a recognition that private debt is a major cause of the crisis, next to public debt;
This is one of the key measures of the compromise endorsed by an overwhelming majority of the European Parliament.
− Abstention.
Concluded for a period of 10 years (renewable), its aim is to build a solid basis for strengthening ties between Iraq and the EU.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
So why does Mr Almunia want to resile his executive powers to the legisative process?
The recent brutal rape and murder of a 23-year-old student from New Delhi is unfortunately not a unique case in India today.
This resolution calls on the democratic Indian Government to ensure respect for democratic principles, fundamental rights and human rights – in particular the rule of law and the rights of women.
Taking account of this backdrop and after careful consideration, the Commission included the withdrawal of the proposal in its work programme for 2013.
Now Parliament has the occasion to make this view known before the Commission effectively decides to proceed to withdrawal later in the spring or decides otherwise.
It has the ambitions that all cosmopolitans and neo-liberals have, of a borderless, undifferentiated world in which goods, services and people will move without let or hindrance.
However, there is a critical difference between Brazil and the UK.
Would you be willing – as a fellow Hungarian female MEP – to initiate a common fight, involving all female MEPs across party lines from Hungary and everywhere else, for the freedom of Patricia Nyiri-Kovács, the battered mother whom I mentioned?
Let me also thank the Commission as well as the Cyprus and Irish Presidencies for their hard work, which I hope will bear fruit in the future to the benefit of all.
Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
I am yet to hear back from you, Commissioner.
The EU is not doing very well.
Perhaps the answer to that can be found in the Commission’s own documents.
If the EU really wanted to help Member States and taxpayers, it would simply abandon budget lines that have no added value – but this will not happen.
and the number of this Parliament’s working weeks, because we meet for twice as long as many other parliaments including the Bundestag.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
The EU should show leadership on sustainable fisheries to the rest of the world.
Your troops, aided by British and other Member States’ forces, are risking their lives to protect us, and we owe them a huge debt of gratitude.
It is important to remember that the particularly difficult farming conditions on the smaller Aegean islands are being compounded by external pressures as a result of illegal migration.
Secondly, I will not vote for EU aid to the Canaries and Azores, or indeed anywhere else, to cultivate tobacco, the use of which we campaign against strongly in this House.
In other words, the best way to help poor people in poor countries has the delicious bonus of helping poor people in Europe.
This report looks for innovative ways of helping mobilise cash for these businesses, and we must welcome that at this time of crisis.
Yes, I suspected he might.
Štefan Füle, Member of the Commission.
Increased socio-economic aid to the Kurdish-populated regions could also be helpful, and the EU is there to play a more active part in this.
A number of Members have raised the question of religious minorities, and rightly so.
I think that those of us who have lived through these many years share the concern, and sometimes also the frustration, over how difficult it is to bring Europe to speak with one voice.
I think you struggle and that you do everything you can, but you also have to admit that sometimes some countries are blocking.
He is the heart and the engine of the whole topic and is extremely enthusiastic about it.
Finally I would just like to thank Mr Zwiefka for his good cooperation and also for the support in the group in the Committee on Legal Affairs.
Following the 2008 wine reform, a common framework laid down the rules concerning the recognition, protection and use of such traditional terms.
So today, I appeal to all Heads of State and Government to bridge their differences and come to Brussels in a spirit of compromise and European responsibility, so that this political agreement can be found.
I expressed the hope that Member States meeting this week in the European Council could support our ambition to identify tangible measures that can be rapidly implemented and will make a difference.
For all these reasons we believe it is important to have an MFF, but not every agreement is a good agreement.
Most importantly, we need to have the possibility of moving unspent amounts from one year to the next, and also to have flexibility between the various budget headings.
If you only have the vision of a big market you do not need a budget, or only a very small budget.
A number of points have been made, particularly by the Members of Parliament.
A centralised system managed by Brussels has lost the confidence of the fishermen;
− Whilst I am hesitant to support any new EU legislation, in this case the safety of the visually impaired, children, and others is paramount.
In response to these alarming figures, the UK Government has launched its own action plan to tackle all aspects of violence against women and children.
I call on High Representative Lady Ashton to make it absolutely clear that the outcome of this case will be a benchmark for the rule of law in Laos and that it will be crucial for the judgment on whether or not Laos qualifies for an enhancement in our relations, including trade relations.
The days of hyperinflation and land expropriation now appear to be over, but few are claiming that the ZANU-MDC coalition has brought real positive changes to the country or that the expropriated farmers have been adequately compensated, some of whom live in my constituency of London.
As this resolution makes clear, the corrupted justice system still overwhelmingly favours ZANU-PF.
Written statements (Rule 149)
We are not a bailout bank, we are not the bank of the programme countries or the bank of the eurozone, we are the bank of the 27 Member States of the European Union.
As you may be aware, the Commission is currently preparing the proposal for the future mandate and the next financial framework, which should be submitted to Parliament and the Council in the coming months.
Recent projections anticipate that immigration could slow down the process of population ageing.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
− The Commission needs to change its position on the Annual Growth Survey.
Claude Moraes (S&D), in writing.
Following on from the Commission’s communication on better governance of the single market, this report suggests that the measures should go further towards the completion of the single market.
Those rising inequalities, and the deeply rooted gender stereotypes that reinforce them, need to be swiftly addressed.
It would also have been imperative to see a better inclusion of stakeholders, notably by requesting two stakeholder conferences at different stages of the project for adequate public participation.
Derek Vaughan (S&D), in writing.
Given that there is a difference in payments and commitments, it is questionable whether we can actually meet these goals.
Such a profound change can only be made when other institutional questions are up for review, because our institutional set-up is based on the balance between what happens in the European Parliament and what happens in the Council.
However, research should certainly continue, and we should continue investing also in increasing knowledge on those issues.
England is now the soup kitchen of the world, and the soup is running out.
(The vote was subsequently postponed to Thursday, 14 March 2013.)
Sorry to speak now about social market economy logic, but it also has to be integrated, because there is a chance to develop certain segments of the social market economy.
Therefore, we should firstly attempt to ensure that we reduce, year by year, the figure of one in five EU citizens incurring problems when they buy goods and services, before we look at ODR and ADR.
People have spoken about the issue of language access, but I also want to emphasise that it is accessible in all formats – examples for people who are partially sighted.
I also recall your recent report on the situation of fundamental rights in the European Union (2010-2011), which paints a disturbing picture and which also rightly calls for further action.
If somebody had stood up then and said that within three years a Jewish state would be created, he would have been considered a delirious visionary.
where the devotion of the people and the merits of hi-tech forced deserts to surrender and to bloom.
Two years later there is widespread frustration and disappointment that these goals were not achieved.
I would like to hear from you why you did not respond to Morsi’s power grab last November?
That was the litmus test.
I am very glad that the European Parliament has endorsed Global Zero and two thirds of the Members underwrote this, which now has become official EP policy.
In Lebanon they prepared a plan in January on how to help the refugees, planning or forecasting, estimating that by summer time there were going to be around 300 000 refugees from Syria in Lebanon.
I call on my colleagues in the European Parliament.
Its determination with respect to addressing the matter of selective justice, notably the cases of Yulia Tymoshenko and Yuriy Lutsenko, deserves high recognition.
Now let me also make the following point: we have been talking a lot about the need for the transformation of Eastern Europe to complete this project of a united, prosperous and stable Europe.
Without this country becoming part of the European community of rule of law, one cannot be sure about the final end of the historic enterprise, started in 1950.
I look forward very much to working closely with all of you to make that happen.
That is why, for the resolution today, my Group has tabled an amendment calling for a transparent decision on the MFF so that all those Members who have contacted me about it can put their feelings on the record, in public.
Implementation of the Compact for Growth and Jobs is too low and too slow.
Competitiveness is an indispensable element to underpin growth and jobs.
The crisis was supposed to be over and it is not.
The Italians voted against the ‘triple B’ – Brussels, Berlin and Barroso.
They are also a minority in Iraq;
This resolution is not just for the Turkmen, it is for all the minority communities of Iraq who long for peace and security.
Moreover, the success enjoyed by cooperatives and mutual societies, in both economic and social terms, proves that incorporated companies are not the only type of enterprise to perform well on the European market.
or the FA back in my own country that fails to implement a working fit-and-proper-persons test, which allows vulnerable clubs to fall into the wrong hands.
ICAC has a good track record in performing its role as a vehicle to promote market development and transparency in the cotton sector.
Instead of allowing us to export and share best practice in how farmers care for the environment, we are moving backwards – to set-aside and compulsory crop rotation.
This was compounded by the failure to provide for measures to monitor the effects of the CAP on long-term food production capacity in the least developed countries.
Jill Evans (Verts/ALE), in writing.
− Parliament calls for measures to ensure the implementation of national Roma integration strategies through periodic reviews, monitoring and support to enable local, regional and national authorities to develop and implement effective human-rights-compliant policies, programmes and action for the inclusion of Roma, using available funds, including EU funds, while strictly monitoring respect for fundamental rights and the implementation of Directive 2004/38/EC on the right to move and reside freely.
The endocrine system regulates much of what happens in the body, including reproduction, metabolism, growth, salt and water balance and cardiac function.
Many women were active during the Arab Spring and they now have the challenge of translating that civic fight into political action.
Fourthly, it urges sports organisations to establish a code of conduct for all staff and officials (players, coaches, referees, medical and technical staff and club and association leaders) which sets out the dangers of match-fixing, includes a clear prohibition on manipulating matches for betting or other purposes, stipulates the associated sanctions and includes a ban on gambling on own matches and an obligation to report any approaches concerning, or awareness of, match-fixing, coupled with an adequate whistleblower protection mechanism.
A recent investigation by Europol has made clear that this is not simply a problem about cheating in sport, but that this is about money laundering on a global scale.
As a representative of Wales – the first ever Fair Trade Nation – this is an incredibly important issue.
I still believe that it was a sensible thing that you asked for.
At the moment we are in a position where Germany and other countries are actually investing in unabated coal-fired power stations – lignite power stations, the dirtiest of the lot – and industry, especially the generators, are asking us to give them a clear signal about the pattern of investment in the future.
That is why, based on the encouraging results of the ICAO Council meeting of 9 November 2012 and the constructive engagement of our international partners in the relevant discussions, the Commission proposed that the EU ‘stop the clock’ by temporarily derogating from the EU ETS compliance obligations for international flights operated in 2012 to and from Europe.
We would like to have a common decision with the Norwegian government on this.
Seán Kelly (PPE).
More work remains to be done before the European Parliament elections.
The eurozone’s single banking market will, however, remain incomplete without an EU-wide common deposit system – a eurozone guarantee system.
Seán Kelly (PPE).
This Parliament will vote to approve the EU accounts once again.
The Court values highly the recognition by the discharge report of the different roles played by the institutions: the external auditor on the one hand and the manager on the other.
And finally, we must make sure that the figures add up.
Ukraine is a friend of the EU and geographically an integral part of Europe.
Olli Rehn, Vice-President of the Commission.
It has been suggested that to use the text in its current draft form would not be wise until a more comprehensive examination of the issues at hand has been undertaken at the Basel Committee.
We have this extraordinary situation where we have had regulation – lots of regulation – which has been the wrong sort of regulation, has it not?
In 2006, we had the ‘baby Thatcher’ speaking in this Parliament: the Belgian Prime Minister, Mr Verhofstadt.
A clear risk is the loss of European competitiveness, linguistic and cultural diversity.
We simply cannot afford that.
It is essential we keep all our young people on board.
She refused to accept that a great people would decline for ever.
This directive, together with the new Capital Adequacy Regulation (A7-0171/2013), forms the capital adequacy package, one of the most important pieces of legislation ever to come before Parliament.
Apart from the wrongheadedness of creating EU legislation for a handful of airports, the proposals to further liberalise ground handling services risk further undermining social and employment standards.
Marina Yannakoudakis (ECR), in writing.
I look forward to hearing the contributions of Members.
It has become more credible, which is also because of the commitment of our Croatian colleagues.
We hope this will lead to increased alignment with the European Union’s positions.
Richard Howitt (S&D).
Secondly, some progress has been made in the fight against corruption and organised crime, but the number of investigations, prosecutions and indictments remains low.
Mr President, it has been my great privilege to act as Montenegro’s standing rapporteur for this Parliament.
Serbia should also engage in awareness-raising campaigns on these issues in order to change ways of thinking.
We are witnessing a profound change of approach, which we need to actively encourage.
It is very recent;
The Presidency considers that in the context of this new development we must work to deliver both a reformed CFP and make progress, where possible, on Multiannual Plans which are the cornerstone of the planned reformed CFP.
We are also working very closely with the Venice Commission of the Council of Europe, which, as you know, will deliver an opinion on the compatibility of the amendments with the principles of the rule of law by mid-June.
2. Employees as well as self-employed people have to be respected in their knowledge and capacities – let us support the SMEs.
The second rule is that they meet at the end of the week or the beginning of the weekend under the pressure of the opening of the markets on Monday.
But just one more word about that meeting in Luxeuil-les-Bains in July 1950.
These threatening clouds hang over a Europe that in more hopeful times had chosen to base its anthem, rather than on anything contemporary, on Friedrich Schiller’s poem ‘Ode to Joy’ and its musical setting by Ludwig Van Beethoven in his Ninth Symphony.
− I voted for this report which grants the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy discharge in respect of the implementation of the European External Action Service’s budget for the financial year 2011.
to solve some structural issues;
This is unacceptable, so I have voted against granting discharge to the Translation Centre for the Bodies of the European Union until all the irregularities are corrected and a positive statement of assurance is issued by the Court of Auditors.
Nevertheless I took into account the fact that the Centre consulted the Court of Auditors on further action once it discovered that irregularity and took immediate and quick action to rectify the existing situation and to prevent similar irregularities in future.
I welcome the fact that, in the meantime, the Agency adopted a new policy for the management of potential conflicts of interest, a more detailed template for declarations of interest and a code of conduct for management board members.
Mr President, I voted to postpone the discharge of the European Environment Agency and I really regret that the majority voted to grant discharge.
Costs for energy consumption, parliamentary assistance, the fitting-out of premises and other reserves were considerably decreased, which led to a direct decrease in the EP’s annual administrative costs and, as a consequence, to a decrease in the final expenditures of the EP for one financial year.
Claude Moraes (S&D), in writing.
takes note that the Joint Undertaking completed ex-post audits covering EUR 2.2 million (18.8 % of the accepted Joint Undertaking's contribution for the first call validated by the Joint Undertaking by June 2011);
I voted against the Initiative on Innovative Medicines Joint Undertaking as it demonstrates a lack of transparency and was not created with the consent of my voters or constituents.
points out, however, the importance of geographical balance at all levels of staff;
The EU-Vietnam Partnership and Cooperation Agreement gives a valuable opportunity to deepen cooperation on Human Rights.
There have been regular reports almost yearly as well as the report from last November.
Journalists are being blackmailed and intimidated by the government.
I was encouraged by the Commissioner’s contribution this morning.
The fact that initiatives have been received on the right to water, waste management, media pluralism and speed limits, among others, are testimony to the potential of this tool as a real driver of European policy and engagement with citizens.
People in Britain have the opportunity to do that by voting for the UK Independence Party, and they are doing it in increasing numbers.
In my capacity as Chair of ECON, I attempted to get clarity on this matter by way of an exchange of letters in December and January, following the publication of the new indicator.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
Since 2011, the Ukrainian Parliament has been examining two draft laws making it illegal to say homosexuality is normal, or supporting LGBT people in any way.
Ahead of today’s vote, human rights organisations including Human Rights Watch and ILGA-Europe had called on the European Parliament to send the agreement back to committee, postponing the vote.
I refer to the conflict of interest centre which is not yet operational, to the lack of a track record in the area of corruption, to convictions and so on.
(33) Croatian administration not fully prepared for EU funds, need to strengthen capacities;
Pino Arlacchi (S&D), in writing.
Conducting reforms and adopting new laws in compliance with EU requirements is only the first step where an intensive and serious implementation period needs to follow.
more efforts need to be made by the authorities to obtain justice for survivors of conflict related sexual violence in Serbia and elsewhere in the Western Balkans;
We have a situation where the Commission is announcing, in the face of this resistance by the Council, an annual relocation forum.
We cannot find ourselves to be complicit by supporting a treaty amendment which blunts the effects and force of the Charter.
He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal for leadership, bravery and devotion to duty in trying to save his ship.
President.
I can already see that it has been taken up.
They are broke because we have a system called fractional reserve banking, which means that banks can lend money that they do not actually have.
We have also achieved agreement on the important Capital Requirements Directive 4, which aims to strengthen the capital requirements for banks and the overall effectiveness of regulation for the sector and to enhance financial stability.
This is clearly very important to our citizens, as many of you have pointed out, because it is vital that there be confidence in our banks if our economy is to function efficiently.
There are indeed already organisations which send accessible-format books directly to disabled people in other countries in a limited way – limited, that is, by outdated copyright law that this treaty, if concluded next month, would modernise.
Putting the citizen at the heart of the European Union was a quantum leap, and the Commission that took up its office in February 2010 put the necessary steps in motion to take such a leap.
Of course exceptions should be made, and it is a complex issue.
This already applies an automatic exchange of information for a range of income, such as employment, pensions and insurance, from 2015.
I want a reply.
While the summit has a worthy agenda, we need, of course, some concrete results.
I look forward to continued cooperation in delivering and responding to the expectations of European citizens.
I think Mr Callanan and others mentioned the need for global action, and I agree with that.
With energy policy, we can see coming up all of the worst aspects of the common fisheries policy.
Secondly, can we please make sure we have some joined-up thinking?
Labour MEPs and our colleagues in the Parliament have led the call for binding 2030 renewable energy targets and I am delighted that the amendment we supported has been included in the final report.
I support the need for women in the western Balkans to take a prominent role in society through active participation in political, economic and social life.
We must say ‘No’ to restrictions on the freedom of opinion and ‘Yes’ to free and pluralistic media in order to sustain European democracy.
IORPs cover around 25 % of the EU workforce and manage assets worth around EUR 2.5 billion, or 30 % of the EU GDP.
My local Italian hosts were aghast.
Tunisia, for example, is left with an external debt of USD 14.4 billion from the Ben Ali days.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Also with the country I know the best, in the United Kingdom, where I served as ambassador for a short period of time.
Three points.
and the resumption of media dialogue with their association of journalists.
Commissioner, I am proud that you asked Mr Buzek and me to broker that agreement on 1 March 2013 but, Mr President, when I reflect on that experience, I think most of all of the ordinary Macedonians who came up to us in the street, in corridors, on public transport, wishing us well and urging us to succeed.
David Martin (S&D), blue-card question.
It is one shaped by the interests of big business rather than working people on either side of the Atlantic.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership should lead to a win-win situation, to fewer bureaucratic burdens, and to high standards of fundamental rights, environmental standards and consumer protection.
What you have to do – and you do it in an eloquent way – is indicate the important points that you want to mention, that you want me to look at and which you will question me about.
There has been a particularly cowardly and disgusting terrorist murder of a man in Woolwich.
That is why I would like to offer my congratulations on the job done, and I fully expect that the Member States will recognise that this important measure should be implemented as soon as possible.
Mr President, my sincere apologies for not being on parade.
but his policies will generate the same effect.
Active labour market policies are crucial, especially in combating youth unemployment.
John Bufton (EFD), in writing.
I believe we must do what we can to ensure transparency in order to prevent any abuse of these processes.
Regulation No 552/97 says that the temporarily withdrawal from access to the GSP tariff preferences shall come to an end as soon as the Commission report concludes that the practices that caused the withdrawal no longer exist.
The macro-regional strategy, aligned to the objectives of the Europe 2020 Strategy as well, would ensure a better use of the ‘available’ resources and, at the same time, smart and inclusive development.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
I know that this will be welcomed.
Even before our evaluation of existing strategies is complete, one thing is very clear: territorial cooperation programmes like the Alpine Space Programme can play a very useful coordination role, but no single programme will have the scope or the funds to make a reality of a whole macro-regional strategy.
They have already signed a kind of charter, but we have to be very concrete in this, and they can take responsibility for their supply chains.
The message that must come out of these tragedies is that multinational chains cannot escape their responsibilities by relocating their businesses to developing countries or by holding their hands up and claiming they are not responsible for their supply chain.
The International Labour Organisation has quoted stark yearly estimates for fatal accidents and work-related diseases in this country.
and it will reinforce cooperation and data sharing between public authorities.
We have seen from the experience of OLAF that sometimes you have very strong tools for fighting corruption but that these are not framed by a good legal basis in respect of civil rights and freedoms.
I am glad to note that the report initiated by the Committee on Regional Development also takes into account the views of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
Member States which favour a time-based system should be allowed to continue to operate such a system.
It intends to propose an initiative this year to promote distance-based tolling.
Marlene Mizzi (S&D), in writing.
In particular, this text seems to ignore the existence of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, which was approved in Palermo by 124 countries in December 2000 and has been fully operational since 2003.
Organised crime is widespread and in order to tackle the various types of crime, e.g. cyber-crime, money laundering, illegal gambling, etc., we need EU-wide action.
As in the example I gave above, we need European policies that take into account the living and working conditions of women moving away to take seasonal jobs in agriculture.
Furthermore, the ongoing financial crisis complicates the decisions to be taken by consumers and makes the need for efficient, transparent, reliable and comparable information, a necessity.
Madam President, one of the great things about the single market is the ability of consumers in one Member State to be able to purchase goods and perhaps services in another Member State, and that is one of the great advantages.
But the downside to that is when consumers face problems.
At a global level, European consumers are facing new challenges such as the globalisation of markets, financial deregulation, the digitisation of the economy and the aging population.
Many of my constituents in Wales have been active in campaigning against those companies which promote powdered baby milk in developing countries.
We know that reporting requirements are essential for transparency and for investor confidence.
I want to thank you for your efforts but also the staff working under my responsibility for their efforts.
I look forward to these reports being adopted in this Parliament in due course.
It affects people when they put petrol in the car and it is not right, fundamentally, that people are paying more while companies are booking high profits on the basis of – potentially – manipulated prices.
We know the problem, as it has been outlined by several speakers, but we need political action, political will and above all public resources to deal with it.
For three years now we have created a momentum through our international cooperation.
Yes, this is a very important issue.
Referring to enforcement and control and combating IUU, we have a lot to do and we have to work on it together.
But let me also highlight other positive elements in this compromise.
We need some legislative changes, because without legislative changes we will not reach any common ground.
I urge the High Representative as well as the Commissioner to step up their efforts to use all tools to pressurise the Turkish Government to stop their authoritarian rule and the violence.
That is why, in my view, the EEAS is fundamentally flawed.
The reality is that there are up to 200 million women missing from the world’s population because of gender-based abortion and infanticide.
At international level, I agree on the need to adopt a press and media strategy within EU foreign policy, involving in this effort multilateral bodies such as the Council of Europe, the OECD and the United Nations.
This is why my group has tabled a number of split votes to your report, and is why we could not support it at committee.
We are exploring new areas of cooperation as we are beginning to broaden out our strategic engagement vis-à-vis the Asia-Pacific region.
Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
I still remember a former President speaking here in this House.
All have acted cohesively since even before the coup d’état of 22 March 2012.
In the interim period, the Afghan Government has concluded a number of more specific and much shorter agreements with some of our Member States.
The June European Council will be a further step in our efforts to return to growth, embed stability, create jobs and improve competitiveness in Europe.
It will be effective only if that confidence is soundly based.
I would like to thank you for the very intense and the hugely productive engagement that we have enjoyed over the last six months and in this, of course, I would like to include the many plenary meetings in relation to which I would like to thank the President and all of the Vice-Presidents for their support, the multiple meetings in smaller formats with committees, with the Conference of Committee Chairs, with rapporteurs, with political groups, contact groups, and so on.
Syed Kamall (ECR).
I repeat that in committee I voted against those other parts of the package that are not in Malta’s interest such as the recast of the Dublin Regulation and reiterate that I will vote against any amendments to the Dublin Regulation that do not address the core issue of effective solidarity.
In essence, this provision means all those who come to Europe seeking protection from persecution will be treated as potential criminals from the outset.
Why is food production more important in one country and not another?
In any system like that it is clear that people will resort to illegal means and game the system.
We also have to understand the Member States.
I would like to finish with some data.
The EU public sector information market for digital content products and services was estimated to be worth EUR 28 billion in 2008.
The global goal must be the eradication of poverty.
Therefore I have suggested the following text: ‘Consents to the conclusion of the agreement;
As the rapporteur clearly highlighted in his explanatory statement, the second revision of the Cotonou Agreement has much to recommend it.
I believe that we need to work with the partner countries that understand our position on sexual minority issues, in particular, to help us to convince the ACP parties in general that it should be reflected in our next-generation treaty with the ACP countries.
That where terminations do take place in the circumstances outlined they should of course, be ‘safe’ and subject to full regulation and inspection requirements as advocated by professional bodies.
In favour.
I also call on the Council to deal with existing financial services and banking supervision regulations to ensure these important banking reforms are implemented as soon as possible.
In the resolution the European Parliament recalls its willingness to complete first readings on at least all the Commission proposals on financial services that are currently on the table before the term comes to an end in spring 2014.
The British Embassy there had a total of 15 staff, including the native people, the driver and the receptionist and so on.
I would also like to draw your attention to the fact that this proposal is linked to another proposal which you will soon debate regarding the responsibilities of EU flag states for enforcing an agreement of the EU social partners on the Maritime Labour Convention.
This year is important for the entire seafaring community, as the International Labour Organization’s Maritime Labour Convention enters into force in August.
It will also guarantee equal conditions for competition for EU-flagged ships.
It is also invited to give input to a parallel study which will gather data about the various facets of a business transfer.
We fully endorse the view that a modern, well-functioning bioeconomy is a prerequisite for achieving the objectives of the Europe 2020 Strategy.
Good legislation should be based upon solid evidence and data;
it should not rely purely on political negotiation over months and months in order to get it right.
Antigoni Papadopoulou (S&D), in writing.
I voted for this proposal as it advances sustainability whilst also promoting development and economic growth.
However, as usual, the detail of such development is key.
In order to exclude single parents, grandparents, their grandchildren, uncles and aunts and, of course, same-sex parents.
Have you noticed that in Budapest recently?
First, the Commission is ready to examine the suggestions made for an initial introduction of the tax with lower rates for products of specific market segments.
As I explained also in the Committee on Budgetary Control, most of the investigations OLAF carries out are well below EUR 1 million and that explains that investigative activity is based on several criteria and not on the one specific criterion.
As is the case every year, this report will provide the Commission with important input on its future work in fighting against fraud to the EU financial interests.
Ever-closer union has become synonymous with ever-more meddling regardless of whether it is the right thing to do, either for our economy or for our people.
That is why I would like to see President Barroso use the last few months of his term to take on those on the left and the Socialists who are actually preventing these reforms.
As is now the tradition every June, we discussed and endorsed the country-specific recommendations, thus closing this year’s European Semester, which is the cornerstone of our new economic governance.
We really need to do something to put this to bed or to put it on the agenda.
The last point I would like to make concerns the deepening of the Economic and Monetary Union.
Last week we saw an important breakthrough with the Council’s agreement on a common approach to dealing with failing banks without relying on taxpayers’ money.
Mr President, I would like to tackle three topics in this debate: the agreement on the MFF – which Joseph Daul has also mentioned – the non-agreement on the banking union – let us be honest: there was an agreement in Ecofin on the Resolution Directive, but not on the main issue of the resolution fund – and the new revelations on NSA spying in the European Union.
The MFF on the table is the most valuable instrument that we have at our disposal to make an impact and make a difference.
Next year, 2014, brings the European elections.
Richard Ashworth, on behalf of the ECR Group.
You have requested that the Council participate in this debate, and the Lithuanian Presidency, representing the Council, is ready to do so.
I believe, Madam Commissioner, that it is high time we concluded the negotiations on the Umbrella Agreement.
The earlier disclosure of information about the surveillance programmes operated by the US National Security Agency has understandably raised a number of complex questions and serious concerns about the effects on EU citizens.
Is blanket surveillance of millions of innocent citizens a matter of national security?
I do not buy that any more.
So far ‘more for more’ rings hollow, as a hollow promise.
This step further means that a European-level campaign will be held – should be held – in order to maximise the awareness of the citizens of Europe that politics today is more than national.
We believe that including this specific measure is important, as it has become one of the most common ways to commit cyber-attacks today.
From a foreign affairs perspective, this proposal definitely increases the strength and visibility of a common EU approach to protecting and fighting attacks against information systems in the world.
I urge him to pursue the development of an online searchable database which has been proposed but I believe much more can be done to enhance oversight.
Certainly there is still room for improvement and that is why a review process is ongoing.
We need to finish negotiations by December.
Congratulations to the Croatian Members.
I congratulate you and your country on the Presidency.
Wales is proud to be part of a Europe which values tolerance, peace and equality, and we must protect those shared values when they come under threat.
If we want to reduce fraud we should take decisions more closely to the people that they affect.
The draft text is a weak compromise.
A Uachtaráin, bhí áthas orm tacaíocht a thabhairt do mo Ghrúpa sna vótaí go léir ar an tuarascáil seo.
Common sanctions must be agreed upon as well as similar legal punishments for these crimes.
and, lastly, no official result is to be published in any Member State until after close of polling in the Member State whose electors are the last to vote on Sunday, 25 May 2014.
The time has come for Member States and the EU Council to take responsibility for arms deals and that is why the S&D Group decided to abstain in today’s vote.
Alexander Mirsky (S&D), in writing.
The EU supported Djibouti’s cautious but steady approach to electoral and political reform prior to the legislative elections in February 2013.
Mr President, Commissioner Barnier and speakers from all sides of the House have pointed out the need to complete the digital single market.
To put something mandatory into legislation which is based on uncertain modelling is something that I would be very fearful of supporting.
Níl aon chonspóid faoin díospóireacht seo mar a bhí againn sa díospóireacht níos luaithe agus bhí sé sásúil éisteacht leis an méid a bhí a rá leis an gCoimisinéir ag Jerzy Buzek agus ag Judith Merkies faoin ábhar seo.
So these are the areas in which we are working concretely, and the report on where the gaps are and on the solutions to them will come out in the course of this year.
The two mechanisms which are the essential element of this amendment were needed in order to have a visa waiver system which is not open to abuse but which also ensures that all EU citizens are treated equally by our third country partners.
However, the Council, as you know, is ready to agree a two-stage mechanism where, in the end, the Commission would be obliged to ensure reciprocity.
Liam Aylward, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Paul Nuttall, on behalf of the EFD Group.
Oh no, it is about us!
is currently at its historical lowest, less than 1% for the North Sea’.
Please do not dilute the message.
and the evaluation of the possibility that costs not related to the military operations per se be charged to the EU budget.
If we adopt this report, we will be making ourselves a laughing stock in international security circles.
The first DCFTA negotiations started with Ukraine in 2008 as soon as it had become a member of the WTO, the World Trade Organization.
Russia is openly using imperialist language in the region neighbouring the EU.
Timothy Kirkhope, on behalf of the ECR Group.
Emer Costello (S&D).
Evaluation of the former Strategy has required an in-depth analysis of the occupational safety and health situation to assess the Strategy’s impact in various areas: the impact on workers and companies, in particular on SMEs, and in relation to different national contexts.
It will be about whether you want merely to shuffle the deck of cards or to throw the deck out completely and start afresh.
We have to finish connecting Europe.
I am sure you all know Justus Lipsius.
Whether defending our interests in international trade, securing our energy provision, or restoring people’s sense of fairness by fighting tax fraud and tax evasion, it is only by acting as a Union that we pull our weight on the world stage.
Safeguarding its values, such as the rule of law, is what the European Union was made to do, from its inception to the latest chapters in enlargement.
In his group Mr Callanan has three Members who represent Gibraltar and yet he has said nothing about the frustration over the summer of the right to free movement of the people of Gibraltar or the harassment they have been suffering.
I am not alone in saying this.
In other words, next to inflation targeting, you should have gross domestic product targeting.
We have already provided EUR 1.3 billion between the institutions of the European Union and Member States, but honourable Members will know too that the UN estimates that much more will be needed.
That is our right;
Syed Kamall (ECR).
How is an employer supposed to assess that?
Mr President, two weeks ago the British Government suffered a humiliating defeat when MPs felt the pressure of the mass of the population against going to war once more.
We have no increase in the eel population and we have many eel fishermen unemployed with no hope of re-opening eel fisheries.
I can only say that I am profoundly grateful, and again overwhelmed, and again humbled, by that.
To bring clarity to these matters and to future issues, the Commission will continue to work in the same spirit of loyal and constructive cooperation with the incoming European Ombudsman, Ms Emily O’Reilly, whom I would like to congratulate on her election and whom I look forward to meeting very soon.
But when it comes to Europe and the ETS, as you know, the Commission already in the summer of 2012 undertook steps to correct the shortcomings of the EU emissions trading scheme and strengthen it, based on a two-step approach.
The deadline for objecting was 3 September, one day after we came back from recess.
So here we have yet another argument for voting for this agreement.
The European Union is concerned at the guilty verdict issued last July by the court in Moscow against Sergei Magnitsky and William Browder.
The fish industry is therefore essential for the development of these archipelagos.
Furthermore, the economic, educational and political empowerment of women is necessary, as well as the introduction of strict rules for clinics and hospitals in order to prevent sex selection.
However, since this report calls for abolishing the 3 % deficit rule of the Stability and Growth Pact, I abstained.
In fact the Spanish Government has now withdrawn its participation from established three-way talks with the Gibraltar and UK Governments on this and many other subjects.
I agree with the conclusions of this report and have voted in favour of its adoption.
Rapid transitions have been taking place in recent decades in the area of dynamics of power, demographic change, climate change, urbanisation, technology, etc., and we can expect to witness more such transitions in the coming years.
This new global context will evolve with a higher than usual level of uncertainty.
On 12 December 2012, the recast of the Brussels I Regulation on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters was signed.
Shipownersʼ fees have been reduced.
As a party we voted to support the motion as the vote prevents the protocol, and thus the agreement.
Madam President, I am grateful for this opportunity to contribute and respond to the question from the Industry, Research and Energy Committee.
It asked the Commission and the Member States to consider designating 2015 the European Year on Zero Tolerance for Violence against Women.
It will make a difference on the ground.
Mr President, investment, in its simplest form, is the deferral of present consumption in order to facilitate production that will enable greater enrichment in the future.
Brian Simpson, rapporteur.
I know about these too, because I have visited them in our Member States, and I know perfectly well how difficult it is for mayors, for instance, living in a small village, when a large number of people come to the village and try to establish themselves, to keep things in balance.
The first strategy is what I call the Breivik strategy.
It also enables the EU to underline the importance of respect for international law and human rights.
We owe it to all those who might be tempted to cross the Mediterranean to the European Union to ensure that similar tragedies are not allowed to happen again.
It is therefore rather disappointing to me that my Spanish friends in the PPE Group are attempting to exclude the UK from this measure in order to make a territorial point.
I think Eurosur can be a very important tool when it comes to inter-agency cooperation, near-real-time information exchange and solidarity.
But from December 2014, the Commission will be able, if needed, to use infringement proceedings.
I do not know what definition of morality exists which says that Syrian refugees are living in desperation in their own region but become illegal migrants within our own.
At the same time I have been keen to ensure that the final text provides for essential safety checks to be in place for health professionals, by tightening up the rules on language checks so that we can be sure professionals have the necessary skills and ability to communicate with patients before they can work in the UK.
Moreover, we, as Greens, are generally critical of a systematic recourse to bilateral negotiations.
The Commission’s regulation contains detailed limits and provisions which effectively address the safety standards for pilots, when considered as a whole package rather than a set of individual requirements.
The European Professional Card is therefore being introduced as a tool for recognition of professional qualifications in other Member States.
The information printed on labels should be used to positively influence diet choices.
As we have heard, it was a while ago that the republic had as its president a Dalit.
The only way to halt the breeding ground for sectarian violence is the prospect of a secure, stable and decent future for all.
Mr President, firstly I welcome today’s condemnations from all sides of the House of the persecution of Christians.
or the heart-breaking stories of young children who cannot understand why other children refuse to play with them.
It appears that the Committee on Petitions has become one of the clearest practical examples of what European citizenship means.
It has been positive to see this strong backing.
I have received one motion for a resolution(1) tabled in accordance with Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure.
Neven Mimica, Member of the Commission.
The EU may sign an Association Agreement, including a Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area (DCFTA), with Ukraine.
Obviously we need to do something about that.
On confiscation – and many of you mentioned this – why are they engaged in organised crime?
We do not see yet clearly, what type of terrorist groups and organised crime activities will be brought to the surface by the ongoing processes and uncontrolled violence at the ‘Arab Spring’ region especially in Egypt and Syria.
Significant work has been undertaken to interconnect certain Member State registers in the field of justice.
We believe that the views of the European Parliament are particularly important in this area, which affects the daily lives of all European citizens.
We have read with interest the draft motion for a resolution on which you are due to vote tomorrow.
I would say to colleagues about, for example, the European Arrest Warrant: it does not work well unless issues of proportionality and other issues are working extremely well using e-Justice tools.
Figures show that mobile EU citizens are more likely to be of working age and more economically active than nationals.
In fact the latest figure shows that there are just 38 000 EU nationals in the UK claiming job-seekers allowance.
I do not want to undermine what has already been achieved, and I think there is a general consensus between you on many issues.
There is also a general consensus about helping to promote local and small-scale fisheries.
In theory, that should work very well, but examples have shown where it has failed us.
I think it is worth stating for the record here in plenary that the Commission and the Member States have carried out joint audits of notified bodies.
Given the positive impact that trade policy can have on the daily lives of EU citizens, the relevant budget lines should receive sufficient financial and human resources.
I have voted in favour.
This points, I would argue, to more European inter-dependence.
A foreign policy without strategic goals is a vehicle going nowhere.
The EU should stand firmly behind The Netherlands.
it is about resource efficiency, energy efficiency and changing our economy from a linear to a circular one.
You cannot have one without the other.
It is 15 years since we took that decision to have a common migration policy.
EU red tape is no different.
This Semester is of growing importance.
Yesterday’s General Affairs Council concluded our evaluation phase.
There is a long way to go.
I believe that Member States are best placed to protect their citizens in foreign policy and this is not the direction EU evolution should be going in.
However, my support for Amendment 6 does not mean that I support the EU-US TTIP-negotiations.
it is to be considered as a part of a broader picture, that is to say a tool that could bring the necessary conditions to foster and combine both investment and competition, and thus have an impact on citizens’ lives.
While the Commission has the obligation to review the framework periodically and has recently committed to a review of two integral parts of the framework (Directive 2002/58/EC on privacy and electronic communications and the recommendation on relevant markets) it has not so far announced its intention of a whole review.
I voted to support this report on the budget for 2014.
I am very glad that the vote was in favour of a reasonable approach and is not supporting increasing or renewing the fleet.
and publicly invest in research in clean and sustainable energy.
These proposals foster competition and consumer choice.
However, they are on the verge of becoming outdated and are insufficiently interconnected.
The purpose of cohesion policy is to reduce disparities between the EU’s various regions by promoting economic growth, job creation and competitiveness.
So I urge Members not to support this report.
If you believe in the wickedness of CO2 emissions, which most of you mistakenly do, then you should hate the Strasbourg circus for that reason.
I am interested in why the Doha Agenda stalled in 2008.
The debate is closed.
Retail investors must know what they will pay, for what, and the impact that it will have on their investment.
All the colleagues who claim – and I would support very much what the Commissioner said – that there is no result from the negotiations between Parliament and the Council have simply missed the last nine months in Parliament.
all of them could make a weighty contribution to achieving growth and competitiveness and reaching the EU 2020 strategic targets, as long as EU uses efficiently funds from the EU budget in the form of grants and financial instruments to help promote selected projects of European interest, without undermining the fact that there are regional territories and countries that lack skills and incentives and therefore need special focus.
Kay Swinburne (ECR), in writing.
Such improvements to EU procurement are to be welcomed.
Gerard Batten (EFD).
Mr Tannock also recognised the importance of this so-called comprehensive approach.
I am glad to have heard the supportive voices, especially those of Ms Harkin and Ms Costello, on the importance of microfinance in Ireland and also on the capacity of social enterprise and the social economy in the United Kingdom.
Farmers are leaving Latvian farms, while land is being obtained by pension funds and oligarchs from other countries.
This is reason why the Commission will move ahead to start putting in place a clear framework for climate and energy policies beyond 2020.
This great Union of countries is a great example of togetherness and unity.
More timely figures from Eurostat are needed to solve this problem, as well as some type of midterm review.
By adopting this directive, Parliament is sending a signal to governments and to listed companies that it is no longer acceptable to leave most corporate decision making in the hands of men.
Marta Andreasen (ECR), in writing.
I voted in favour of this report because it is part of the whole CAP reform and is of great importance to the Welsh economy.
It will come as a surprise to people that I support an increase in the budget here.
Mr President, honourable Members, first of all I would like to thank you for this debate.
Gerben-Jan Gerbrandy (ALDE).
The faster flow of goods across borders is of benefit for all, including developing countries.
This remains a time of economic difficulty and therefore I cannot support duplicative policy exercises put forward in this report which would cause unnecessary increases in EU costs.
The Commission's proposed Strategic Innovation Agenda (SIA) of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT) outlines the priorities for 2014-2020.
I hope that they will, and I hope that the Commission will let it go through.
Maria Damanaki, Member of the Commission.
Mr President, we are here to discuss a very thorny issue in Parliament: the proposal for the North-East Atlantic fisheries and deep-sea fisheries.
So it will not be a decision taken by a Commissioner.
But having listened to his contribution, I would have to ask the question: do we enter into negotiations for a compromise in all good faith?
Let me explain this a little bit further.
I would like to remind you that we already have an agreement with Morocco, including the Western Sahara territory.
The Commission would like to once again underline that it strongly condemns all manifestations of racism, xenophobia and intolerance.
The European Parliament now needs to give its consent to the text and I am sure that it will do that swiftly.
It coincides as well with a massive protest movement on the Chalkidiki peninsula in Greece against the gold mine operated by a subsidiary of the Canadian mining company Eldorado Gold.
We had some reservations about the inclusion of drugs, as this might create a wrong perception that drugs should be primarily addressed from the justice perspective.
the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement and the Strategic Partnership Agreement under negotiation are of critical strategic importance and will enhance the relationship between the EU and Canada.
Aldo Patriciello (PPE), in writing.
Kristiina Ojuland (ALDE), in writing.
There have been some significant improvements on the proposals originally considered in committee;
Antigoni Papadopoulou (S&D), in writing.
This is a lost opportunity and a bad sign of the direction in which this Parliament is going.
The Estrela report looked at the situation in the EU and set out a common EU approach to ensure SRHR are prioritised and promoted.
Firstly, there are still doubts as to whether the Commission has demonstrated that this agreement is done with the consent of the Sahrawi people or will benefit the wider population.
In the long term, this would prove beneficial for these countries.
The Partnership is being tested by the decision of Ukraine not to sign the AA/DCFTA at this stage, but the European Union has come out stronger because it did not compromise when faced with external pressure.
(Applause)
In the event of underperformance, funds will be reallocated.
Equally we have to align everything with our resources, which are increasingly restrained due to the financial pressure generated by the current crisis.
Last but not least, I would like to thank the Commission and EEAS for their contribution and for their many positive suggestions which were key to helping us reach such a balanced outcome.
Before the elections and also after the elections, a whole number of important reforms were made and now I would like to give thanks to the current government but also to the current opposition.
That is something that I am afraid the people of Kashmir will remind us about one day.
I am also grateful that Mr Kukan included my amendment on Russia, and in particular my concern about Mikhail Khodorkovsky, a concern shared by so many of us in this House.
And all you do is wheel out the Globalisation Adjustment Fund, trying to conceal the fact that company after company is closing under the weight of EU inflicted regulation, when you cannot even keep well-established companies going.
Ms Cornelissen talked about success stories with older workers and how the fund improved the prospects of workers with low educational attainment.
The Commission is satisfied that the Council approved the general approach regarding this proposal in June, and it welcomes the draft recommendation submitted to this plenary session of the European Parliament for debate.
We cleared 12 cases with commitments and approved almost 200 cases without conditions.
instead, it intends to opt into the 35 worst and most dangerous.
Agreeing on funding is just the beginning of a long and complex process.
Madam President, the civil protection mechanism means in effect civil protection money, but the European Union does not have any money;
Indeed, let me stress that we are harnessing the solidarity of the Solidarity Fund, as we have worked together to make sure that the Solidarity Fund and the Civil Protection Mechanism can effectively be deployed with simplified decision-making for Solidarity Fund deployment.
Julie Girling, on behalf of the ECR Group.
Trading at a global level as relationships depends on building strong links to bind the partners together.
This is one of the novelties of the scheme brought about by the new GSP Regulation.
Mr President, I would first like to thank Parliament for its interest and involvement in the promotion of green infrastructure.
Graham Watson (ALDE).
An Action Plan was adopted a year ago.
With that I come to the economic situation.
With these contractual arrangements, we want to add the element of motivation, the element of financial support for reforms which are sometimes very difficult, which are costly, which of course are not easy to implement.
Let us be clear what this means.
Since the coup d’état organised by the Seleka rebels in early 2013, there has been a widespread breakdown of law and order in the country and human rights violations have become a daily occurrence.
The restoration of peace was a great relief for the whole population but of course, there is much for the government to do in order to rebuild infrastructure, resettle IDPs and to ensure that human rights are applied universally, fairly and consistently.
Let us set a target, let us have a Commissioner, and let us deal with it.
No, I have a more noble vision for the office of President of our House.
As Parliamentarians who are directly elected, each and every one of us, we should not simply be presented with a pre-cooked deal to just rubber stamp.
This Presidency comes at the start of a new parliamentary term: a term that will be of critical importance for the future of the European Union;
What more can the European Union do during the Italian Presidency to support this moderate monarchy and key ally in peace with Israel and peace in the region and a two-state solution?
When I talk about change, I am talking about real change – not what Mr Kamall is calling for.
Κι ο ρυθμός της ευρωπαϊκής ενοποίησης επιταχύνεται συνεχώς.
We have almost doubled the membership.
Today the newly elected President will discuss with the new college how the policy objective behind the proposal could be taken up in a different form, taking account of societal developments since 2008 as well as the social and economic effects of any EU initiative in this field.
We did not fix our figures to qualify in 2006.
To be asked to vote in secret is a huge insult to voters.
Mr President, the Crimean occupation and continued aggression in eastern Ukraine have more than ever displayed the need for even deeper and more integrated cooperation, not only between European countries but between the EU and the US as well.
Well we will soon know whether the European Parliament has the guts to take the decisions necessary to bring this back under control.
We have got all these programmes
I remember myself marching through the streets of Glasgow protesting ‘Not in my nameʼ in advance of the illegal invasion of Iraq by the coalition of the willing.
Secondly, the text fails to mention a number of facts that my colleague has already listed.
The above-mentioned amendments mainly provide for adding the crime of aggression to the list of crimes falling under ICC jurisdiction, thereby completing the ICC jurisdiction and deterring Member States from illegal use of force.
This applies to the various forms of dual training, apprenticeship models, but also how the public employment services function in these countries, and I strongly believe that good social dialogue and social partnership also contribute to finding the right solutions and the right ways forward.
In order to achieve sustained employability, we need to create jobs in the short term, but also create long-term high-quality jobs and a business environment that will enable employers to hire more people.
My question is therefore very simple.
Therefore, we call on the government of Sudan to release these political prisoners and to guarantee the human rights of all its citizens.
I know that this Parliament does not always support democracy.
both the present one and the future one.
Such artificially low investment in research will also negatively impact on other initiatives such as the Digital Agenda, the energy technologies plan and our climate change policies.
This is the biggest challenge to the economy and employment.
A lot of things will take place that will, together, hopefully create momentum.
It is a tall order for a one-day summit, but do we have an alternative while glaciers are melting?
Over 150 000 citizens responded to your consultation because they, like me, are concerned among other things about the fact that an arbitration panel, which will make final decisions, will not be subject to the ECJ, for example.
They would know that NATO does not want Ukraine.
There is no time to rest.
The 1975 Helsinki Act clearly stipulates that borders may not be changed through military force.
Under the 1990 Paris Charter, it is reiterated that ‘within the framework of international law, all the participating States have equal rights and duties.
and we will start our work.
The pretext for Russia’s military action against Ukraine was the choice – by the free will of the Ukrainian people and the country’s new leadership – of a European perspective to create new and more transparent governance, to fight corruption and to develop a free-trade exchange with the European Union.
It is as if a young couple’s parents had decided after the wedding to postpone the honeymoon for 15 months.
So they will continue to be able to export onto our European markets as if the agreement were already in force.
Glory to Ukraine!
Linda McAvan, on behalf of the S&D Group.
Let me first start with the question of whether Europe acted quickly.
This is all the more tragic as genuine diplomacy is what is needed at this pivotal moment in history.
One important step they should take is to ensure that oil which is still flowing is not sold by illegitimate terrorist groups, and in this sense I emphasise EU-based and international companies’ own responsibility to refrain from purchasing such oil.
We can – and need to – do more to find a permanent solution in this long and ongoing conflict.
Israel must halt and withdraw from all illegal settlements, which are currently undermining the two-stage solution.
I personally believe in research and development and innovation.
As a British person I am ashamed.
Gabrielius Landsbergis (PPE).
We see everyday stories and images of great suffering which lead us to realise that further urgent action is needed.
Despite the wettest winter ever in the United Kingdom last year, our Government is failing to allocate the necessary resources to deal with increased flood risk as a result of climate change.
Why is Nigeria doing better?
Mr President, I would first of all like to reply to some of the criticism when the Commission said that the risk of the disease spreading in Europe remains low.
(Applause and cries of ‘Hear, hear!’)
But now we can ask, are we stronger or weaker?
I very often had to call on my colleagues in the European Council, Heads of State and Government, to show the ethics of European responsibility.
Mr President, during the negotiations on the 2015 budget, my Group strongly supported the need to focus on administration efficiency and selected priorities.
Last month I expressed before this House the Commission’s concern about the position taken by the Council in its reading of the 2015 Budget.
Taking into account the call from some colleagues for close monitoring of the implementation of the ATMs and for more reassurance on deadlines, I will urge the Commission to continue to monitor the effects closely.
This is a very important step in the right direction which will give Member States greater flexibility, which is much needed.
The European Semester is a helpful tool in providing input, international and economic decision-making, and it is a step towards fiscal and economic union, but we have just heard Mr Woolfe’s passionate plea, so the wolf pack is on our heels.
So I am particularly pleased that my country, the UK, has announced yesterday that it will be deploying intelligence and armed drones across parts of Syria, marking a welcome shift away from the policy of engaging only in Iraq.
Tunne Kelam (PPE), in writing.
The idea of freedom cannot be killed.
We know that many of these organisations recruit via the internet.
That is why we have started a dialogue with internet providers to see if we can cooperate in developing counter-narratives online and in cooperation, for instance, with returned people who can tell their stories.
We have a dramatic humanitarian situation.
The voters on the right side of the House – there are very few people left there – they also want a change;
He has never been elected to anything in his life – which means he is perfect for the job.
Because this was the illogical consequence of the argument – that when the economy is doing well in any country in the world, it has the right to suppress human rights.
President.
And in answer to the colleague over there, it is absolutely not true that EU money is a waste.
Madam President, the European Union has long been a friend of Northern Ireland and I am glad tonight to hear that this supportive role will continue in the coming months.
Mr Paşcu, Ahmed Ben Bella, a farmer who rose in Algeria to free his country from the yoke of French colonialism, once said that colonialism is an idea born in the West that drives countries to occupy other countries.
Steven Woolfe, on behalf of the EFDD Group.
What I will be speaking about is the Juncker problem.
and, if we do so, companies will, as we have done within Europe within our non-financial reporting directive, adopt these practices.
Jonathan Arnott (EFDD), blue-card question.
Corina Creţu, Member of the Commission.
Does it, for example, come from the European Union taxpayer, and do you perhaps think that there are any costs when that money comes from the European Union taxpayer?
We are therefore mobilising experts from all over the EU to conduct regular technical examinations of technological developments to ensure that our controls are up to date.
Better regulation can mean replacing 28 national regulations by one clear EU regulation, but it can also mean that the EU refrains from making regulations where perhaps the differences between the Member States are so big that if you make an EU regulation, it becomes so complicated that it is too much of a burden, especially on small and medium-sized enterprises.
Well, we have criminalised FGM, we have criminalised forced marriage, we have passed something called Clare’s Law, which allows the police to disclose information on request about a partner’s previous history of violence, thus waiving that partner’s rights to protection under the Data Protection Act.
Before we alert men to change their behaviour, we should impress this upon women: please do not accept this as a normal situation.
Two final points.
Member States have put in place implementing legislation, but effective protection to victims of this discrimination on the ground still has to be improved.
Stress tests are now part of the European supervisory toolbox.
and it is also the prism through which I intend to look at the question of regulation and regulation of the banking sector.
Mr President, while the recent stress tests of European banks have shone the spotlight on some of the weakest sections of the banking sector, this should not divert attention from the need for decisive structural reform of the banking industry.
It favours the backbenchers from the small groups and the non-attached Members.
Unfortunately, since the murder of Yitzhak Rabin, successive Israeli governments have demonstrated neither political will nor good faith in dealing with make-or-break issues.
That means expanding our international trade agenda.
In this connection, G20 leaders welcomed the Commission’s EUR 300 billion investment package, and the Brisbane action plan notes that the European Union announced in October a major initiative mobilising additional public and private investment over the years 2015 to 2017.
I usually understand when the S&D goes in that direction, but not when the EPP goes that way.
Mr President, the Digital Single Market can, if we do the right things, transform the European economy from being the world’s biggest economy to being the world’s biggest and most dynamic market, but that requires that we understand the freedom of the internal market and the reforms we need to make, but also the freedom of the internet, and that we are able to take decisive decisions that we more or less all know what it is about.
We need systemic and clear competitive rules for all, but we should also accept the ways the market works.
That is why I am prepared to enter into the negotiations to help consumers and businesses to trade in this marketplace.
There are many people who want to invest in the energy sector, but until they have an energy union they cannot do so as easily as, say, in the food sector.
Mr Weber has given a number of examples: labour market, pension market and, for me, you can even talk about conditionality here.
In our human rights dialogue with Pakistan in June we discussed the blasphemy laws.
This also needs to be the message of today’s debate.
(Applause)
More than ever, international coordinated action is needed to end illegal wildlife trade, stop poaching and the increasing rate of biodiversity loss.
Madam President, Commissioner Vella regrets that he is not able to be in Strasbourg today.
It is weakening the effectiveness of the proposal, and I say this also to my colleague Julie Girling, who is saying you can only object on legal grounds.
Because of this proposal we can no longer differentiate between different feedstocks which is one of the three ways by which we can achieve the reduction.
Thirdly, Parliament too has also shown strong interests in Euro-Mediterranean cooperation, and I personally remember very well the three questions I received during my hearing: one from Ms Toia, one from Mr Blanco López and the other from Mr Borrelli – three members of the ITRE Committee – on the importance of the PRIMA initiative.
I am not.
Of course, the Commission will also have priorities in the years after 2015, but these will be in the work programmes for the years to come.
Now on the investment plan: I really regret that the Commission, at least at this stage, missed an opportunity to link the benefits which the investment plan is to bring with the structural changes which need to occur in the Member States.
But that trust was breached when I heard that the air quality package, the waste package and the circular economy would be withdrawn.
President.
We need budget negotiations that are a more joyful event than those we are leaving behind.
On this, again, we need to find ways to step up our financial assistance.
This amount goes beyond the USD 1.6 billion needs of the UNHCR.
Madam President, I think the debate tonight has shown there to be very strong solidarity, which is perhaps appropriate a week before Christmas.
I am looking forward to discussing this internally in the College, with Ministers, and with Members of this Parliament as well.
Those who have dealt with the crisis are the free traders.
The current policy response has actually increased debt levels instead of reducing them.
That is why, dear Commissioner, we, the Greens, believe that the legal revision is urgently needed in order to exit the current stagnation.
Written statements (Rule 162)
I would also raise again in this House, as others have, the case of those still in Guantánamo, such as London resident Shaker Aamer held prisoner, tortured in Bagram, still held after twelve years in Guantánamo, cleared for transfer in 2007.
In 2009, we signed an agreement with the US on some rules, particularly as regards subjecting American officers in service in Poland to Polish jurisdiction.
Yana Toom (ALDE), in writing.
Georgia will, as a result, move closer to the European Union, deepening its political association and economic integration with the EU.
I know you like a cigarette, but I do hope that you are a betting man too or, to use a British phrase, you like a flutter on the horses.
The Commission will continue monitoring the implementation of the agreement and will continue to encourage the Ukrainian Government to order sufficient gas from Russia in January and February.
The next item is the vote.
We see this time and again as technologies are developed.
Let me finish by thanking the rapporteur and all the Members of Parliament involved for their work and their constructive dialogue on this.
The Commission welcomes the views of Parliament and is considering the various recommendations of this report.
The report makes reference to the current pilot project and to the benefits that a virtual EFP centre and the tax-rate calculator could bring in terms of augmenting available information.
As others have said, this is not a report about protectionist measures.
Why should pollen be considered as a natural constituent of honey?
So pollen finds its way into honey, not because the beekeeper introduces it but as a result of the presence and activities of bees.
I must also appeal to this assembly, as Ms Girling did, not to turn the Commission’s proposal into a pro-GM or anti-GM issue.
So, to Ms Silvia-Adriana Ţicău and her staff, well done.
Here in this House we share a real concern that we are adding complexity and will reduce the effectiveness of the measures.
Phil Prendergast (S&D), in writing.
The report also proposes introducing an electronic social-security card to record important data for workers and reduce levels of undeclared work.
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
As Conservatives, we want Local Enterprise Partnerships in the UK to make research and innovation a key priority in their development strategies, and to take maximum advantage of  the next 7-year EU funding period.
How can we combine technological innovation and the reduction of CO2 emissions caused by the road sector?
The report by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety (supported by the Greens) maintained the 147g/km 2020 target of the existing regulation but introduced a 2025 target with an indicative range of 105g/km to 120g/km as the average fleet CO2 emission of new light commercial vehicles – to be confirmed by a review.
I am voting in favour of the report on the proposal for a regulation to reduce CO2 emissions from new light commercial vehicles because I see a prospect for achieving that goal.
Catherine Stihler (S&D), in writing.
Reform is not only needed, it is long overdue.
At a time when capitalising on opportunities for growth, particularly in emerging markets, is more important than ever, I believe that this proposal would lead instead to a net reduction in market access and a lessening of the EU Member States’ growth potential.
Hopefully these recommendations will be taken on board in Hercules III, and we can begin to further impede the smuggling and fraudulent activities of criminal gangs that have intimidated many in Northern Ireland and across Europe.
This was essential for Wales.
We know there is a lack of information about rights, such as rights at work.
Dimitrios Kourkoulas, President-in-Office of the Council.
Separately, an EU-US ad-hoc working group on data protection has been established to look into the legal framework for US surveillance activities impacting on persons resident in the European Union.
A strong legislative framework with clear rules that are enforceable – also when data is transferred and processed abroad – is, more than ever, a must.
Safe Harbour, as it stands, does not offer EU citizens any protection against data access requests by the NSA under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) or the Patriot Act in the US, and we have to ask the Commission to consider the vast electronic surveillance carried out by the US as a breach of the present wording of Safe Harbour and limitations for national security.
This procedure may lack any real enforceability, as it is void of any real obligations on the US to take these seriously.
How can I buy Killarney?ʼ And he goes on to say that if he had all the money in the world, he could not buy Killarney.
Mr President, it is very appropriate that we have this opportunity to discuss the positive developments in both Serbia and Kosovo in 2013.
It is important that, alongside them, we maintain the positive momentum of the last year.
I would like to urge the Greek Presidency – the Greek Government – to do its utmost to move forward as far as the main issue with Skopje is concerned.
My friendly advice to them would be to think a bit further.
It is also an indispensable pillar of the single market.
Since then, we have corrected a series of mistakes and shortcomings, and now the programme has begun to yield results.
Angelika Werthmann (ALDE), in writing.
Are you aware of the many people who work in officially precarious workplaces and are actually part of the shadow economy, as was reported in a meeting in Athens in October?
Michael Cashman (S&D).
I am very grateful for the support of Parliament, because, as you know, quite a few Member States oppose having a robust EU budget, the establishment of the Financial Instrument to support the most deprived, and some also a minimum share for the Social Fund.
we fund a large number of NGOs which are proactive in this area, and we remain committed to this cause.
It is important that Parliament has sent a strong and united message asking the Commission to verify the compliance of these schemes with European Union principles and calling on the Socialist Maltese Government to revise its current proposals with a view to bringing them into line with EU’s values.
We need to remove everything which is red tape.
Quite clearly, where it is appropriate, we have those measures and we are not dismantling those.
They put forward no amendments and their input has been nil.
Thankfully, the matter has now been resolved with cooperation from the Commission and others, but it points to the need to have unitary implementation of the Directive across the European Union.
Cooperation amongst them will be a key step in adapting to the changing economic environment.
Delivery is critical to facilitating e-commerce trade.
Mr President, I will do this in English because it will be a lengthy and complicated debate.
There are two things that the Commission presented as ‘new’ elements of the trade defence instruments that we debated at length.
Balance remains the key word in this modernisation process when it comes to reaching a compromise.
I still believe that it is the best option to achieve our legitimate objectives.
strengthening deposit insurance at the European level;
Bas Eickhout (Verts/ALE), blue-card question.
If you do not believe in all those subsidies etc., why then did you draft the CCS report a couple of weeks ago, in which you want both a CCS target for 2020 and subsidies for CCS?
I recognise that this needs subsidies, of course it does, but they have got to be part of national plans to fit national circumstances.
There are, of course, no irrefutable arguments as to the way forward.
Our new rules will only deliver benefits to stocks, fishermen and coastal communities if they are properly enforced.
Mr President, I can only regret that it took such a long time for the European Parliament to arrive at this point, almost a year after the Arms Trade Treaty (ATT) was adopted in New York.
Although the Commission is, sadly, dragging its feet, I am sure the call for reforms from our citizens will only get stronger.
From an Irish perspective, the importance of modernising the copyright law to benefit both the artists and consumers in the digital era can be seen from the recent report on modernising copyright published by the independent Copyright Review Committee.
Daniel Hannan (ECR).
We voted for tougher sanctions: a common set of criminal sanctions for insider dealing and market manipulation.
By improving the design of legislation and simplifying existing rules, the EU can help to ensure the removal of unnecessary regulatory burdens on citizens and businesses – particularly SMEs and micro-enterprises.
This report is a brave attempt to try and shift power downwards, to take decisions more closely to the people they affect and therefore to avoid the duplication, the waste and bureaucracy which is intrinsic in large government and is the single chief reason why the European Union is falling further and further behind and why it is the only continent on earth not experiencing any growth.
I supported this report, which calls for an EU equality roadmap for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex people.
Kay Swinburne (ECR), in writing.
I voted against this report as I am concerned about the possible misuse of the project (non-equitable treatment of MS, the use of this instrument for political purposes) and wish to keep the JS to its original purpose.
Marina Yannakoudakis (ECR).
This is a digital platform where Member States can check whether or not documents are officially registered and whether they are false.
Iñaki Irazabalbeitia Fernández (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Secondly, the penalty point system needs attention.
It is very important to ensure the equal treatment of workers from third countries and national workers in the same sector, in order to avoid exploitation.
It can be good in times of crisis to have a strong president, but I must say that President Yanukovych – with all his powers – has not united the country, but rather has split the country.
If you want to really change something, we have to freeze these assets.
The whole population (of whom 50% are children) is affected, half of them acutely.
We should do everything we can to exert maximum influence on whoever can bring about – or help to bring about – a solution and end the bloodshed.
Only then can we say that the prevailing logic is that of negotiating rather than of fighting.
Zbigniew Zaleski (PPE).
It developed in Belarus before spreading to Lithuania.
It was not a border control operation.
The Commission’s proposal therefore aims to bring more clarity to the text.
They bring growth and investments and we need to protect them.
It was first thought that they were illegal seasonal workers, but in fact they were victims of a forced-labour human trafficking gang.
Despite my support for these measures, however, I abstained in the vote on the final report as Conservative amendments to include Gibraltar in the regulation were rejected.
Whilst we recognise that there is a high prevalence in African countries, we do not believe that it is helpful to refer to ‘recorded countries’ or indeed specific countries.
Looking at how we can better tailor EU legislation to take account of the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises is always worthwhile.
In Croatia, as in other countries with a small open economy, the crisis reduced capital inflows and made them more expensive, and it weakened exports.
Geoffrey Van Orden, author.
The action plan promotes a comprehensive and multidisciplinary approach.
I do not think that this elimination can be effected through the passage of laws.
Together with my colleagues, I have taken note of your concern and we will make sure that these are taken into account by the Commission for the implementation of NAIADES II.
Let us be honest, we have already said a few times that the proposal of the Council is not acceptable and that we need another one.
Anna Maria Corazza Bildt, on behalf of the PPE Group.
On the issue of rural access to broadband, I think the point is well made.
We have pushed for progress against significant time constraints and many competing dossiers which are on the table to be finalised within the European Parliament mandate.
At European level, the task will be to produce further proposals to deal with other websites.
Sylvie Goulard (ALDE), blue-card question.
Because we know how difficult the situation remains in many Member States, especially with unemployment and youth unemployment so high.
We have, in short, started down the path of a Deep and Genuine Economic and Monetary Union to fix the structural faults that lay hidden during the good times, and have now put in place a more sustainable model.
So that is the big message from my committee which I hope will be taken on board.
It is the consequence of this development, but unfortunately it is always lagging behind.
The debate today has demonstrated clearly that the European Semester is not just an obscure bureaucratic procedure of interest to the institutions.
I strongly support measures to tackle poverty and social exclusion;
The agreement not only protects the climate but will also save consumers money and will boost innovation and competitiveness in the EU car industry, creating much needed jobs in the process.
or the ‘super-credits’ regime that allows manufacturers to benefit from the production of ultra-low polluting cars that go beyond the minimum targets.
I strongly support the outcome of the vote.
Kay Swinburne (ECR), in writing.
Establishment of a common regulatory framework for railway safety with safety rules, certification and tasks, will bring better harmonisation of the system as whole.
At the time, the objective of the Regulation was to put railway undertakings in other transport modes on an equal competitive footing.
This directive would benefit the 167 million citizens of the European Union who have difficulties accessing public websites.
eCall will be installed in all vehicles, starting with certain categories, and with the capability for handling eCalls in the telecommunication networks.
It is of crucial importance mandatorily to introduce in-vehicle parts of the eCall service in new types of approved vehicles in selected categories in Europe.
We have to play a role in this by using our expertise to show them how we can do things another way.
Charles Tannock, on behalf of the ECR Group.
As that debate develops, let us remember the context.
Would you be so kind to explain to me why this body is so obsessed with Hungary when it comes to human rights violations?
Well, in fact, the Commission has established a fruitful, regular and intensive exchange with this Parliament, but not only with this Parliament but also with national parliaments and with the Member States concerning the improvement of fundamental rights legislation.
The perpetrators of the attempted bombings in London on 21[nbsp ]July 2005 are also being brought to justice because of the European Arrest Warrant.
I do not agree with that conclusion.
The Commission applauds their work in rebalancing this instrument, and in particular their strong advocacy for strengthening the fundamental rights safeguards it contains.
This was very helpful and it once again highlights the importance of the European Parliament in the co-decision procedure.
I would like to make some factual comments on remarks that have been made, then I will respond to our two rapporteurs, whom I thank for their work on behalf of their committee.
Mr President, millions of young people are struggling today to gain a foothold in the European labour market.
However, despite an overall positive evaluation, review reports presented by the European Commission point to imperfections in the functioning of the system, especially with regard to the gaps in the EAW Framework Decision.
We hope these restrictions will go some way towards deterring young people from starting to smoke.
Glenis Willmott (S&D), in writing.
Claudette Abela Baldacchino (S&D), in writing.
It has also continued good work in the area of police and judicial cooperation with the EU and now meets all the benchmarks set in the Visa Liberalisation Action Plan.
Reputable international civil society organisations have indicated that they have not seen any evidence to substantiate these charges.
I visited farmers in Galway where they are flooded even as we speak, and more than 20 roads are closed.
Additionally, we propose that provisions on the harmonisation of practices and procedures carried out in local Schengen cooperation be strengthened.
Ensuring equal participation and equal opportunities for women in fisheries, under the future EMFF, is a joint responsibility for us all and it requires joint action and joint efforts.
A specific measure in favour of women is the promotion of gender equality: the EMFF can support networking and exchanges of experience and best practice among stakeholders, including among organisations promoting equal opportunities between men and women.
At the same time, given the strongly diverging positions of the stakeholders, it is not a surprise that Mr[nbsp ]Vitorino’s recommendations and the proposed own-initiative report diverge on certain points as well.
I would like to say here that it is pure nonsense that only 5[nbsp ]% of the volume of investment goes to programme countries.
We must have the strongest possible status in the capital markets in order to be able to do such business.
Let me say in conclusion that, in addition to our coherent and consistent approach, I would like to emphasise that we responded to the crisis with more Europe, and not less;
All this is not intended to call into question the EIB’s business model but to ensure that all efforts are used to ensure that taxpayers’ money is used as effectively as possible.
As a consequence, the Commission adopted the proposed Directive for Women on Boards – you all know this directive – and I am very grateful for Parliament’s support, as expressed in your first reading position.
This proposal also does not regulate the use of seed by private gardeners.
Mr President, for 15 years I have heard members of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) come here and attack the European Union, but in reality, as we all know, they take their money while doing precious little to defend the ‘interests’ they hold dear.
The First Minister in Northern Ireland has forced a judge-led enquiry into this scheme.
Is there something fraudulent as well?
The Commission, for instance, handles more than 6[nbsp ]000 access requests per year.
The Commission supports the general aim to make the legislative process transparent and easily understandable.
Now that may be fair for a comedy on television, but it is surely not fair for the way that we do politics in the European Union.
Michael Cashman (S&D).
I have recently seen the submission of the first two successful ECIs: one on the right to water and the petition entitled ‘One of Us’.
We wish Maria well.
At the same time, in line with the request of Parliament and civil society, in February this year we revived the Council Human Rights Working Group Task Force on Torture.
Regulating EU trade in order to help prevent capital punishment and torture from occurring in third countries is essential and reflects the fundamental values on which the EU is based.
Kinga Gál (PPE), in writing.
The EU services will continue to work hard to keep our communication channels active and, wherever there is a will and convergent objectives, to broaden them.
I would make the argument that it helps to promote such relations rather than the other way round.
Whilst there is much in this report which I support, at this time I believe that greater clarity on the protection of beneficial ownership and trusts is required in order to be fully compatible with the UK’s existing legal arrangements.
),
What it has done was, of course, what it was intended to do right from the beginning, which was to have an integrated model of finance at European level as a prop to political integration.
According to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, it has been calculated that one in four species of mammals, one in eight birds, and more than one in three amphibians are threatened with extinction worldwide.
Every year more than 30[nbsp ]000 people die on Europe’s roads.
This specific report seeks to amend Council Directive 1999/37/EC on the registration documents for vehicles.
Every Member State has the obligation to register for the first time any vehicle that received the European type-approval on the basis of the ‘Certificate of Conformity’ issued by the vehicle manufacturer.
Women’s rights and progress can no longer be taken for granted.
It is frustrating that, while we continue to strive towards a fairer, more equal society, gender inequality is clearly still a problem.
Gay Mitchell (PPE
However, Conservative MEPs also believe that the death penalty, for the most serious of crimes, is a matter of individual conscience, and that the budgetary priorities and security arrangement of Member States are a Member State competence, as are matters relating to asylum and immigration.
There remains no provision for religious freedom, no provision for public worship or tolerance in the workplace for those of a Christian faith.
This Commission proposal and the one-size-fits-all attitude upon which it was based have serious flaws.
I am disappointed that Parliament did not deal with concerns raised about the PRM proposal.
We can now take a step forward in the completion of the Single Market and the digital economy and help attract investment into the EU.
Here we are speaking about a fundamental right, and we should back a fundamental right with a fundamental law.
Madam President, in May[nbsp ]2011 this House called for a reform of the European data protection rules.
No, that is not the national security which we mean in the Treaty of the European Union.
No, that is not the national security which we mean in the Treaty of the European Union.
That is why we need the report tomorrow.
Timothy Kirkhope,
),
Ditto the same remarks: I want European competence and for us to keep data in Europe if possible, but I am a bit unsure about the European cloud.
It has become clear yet again, for those of us who remember ECHELON, that these are not operational or are being ignored, or that they certainly need changing, to move away from deference to security agencies and the light-touch approach.
What is the protection for the workers, and what are the rules under which they operate?
The public debate that is taking place in the United States will be equally important to our concerns.
The impact of the NSA mass surveillance practices on EU citizens and residents has, understandably, raised significant concerns in Europe.
The next one will be held in the coming weeks, and we are available to debrief the LIBE Committee on the state of play.
Now, on what was a very interesting debate: it was said that the Council is silent and indifferent.
Politicians cannot even be sure that their communications are not intercepted and listened to by others – maybe by political opponents.
The recent debate in the Council indicated to me that there might be a chance to have many Member States on board for the project.
However, the Commission proposal raises serious concerns regarding the division of responsibility between the Member States and the European Union, and its added value is questionable.
The proposal put on the table by the Commission last July, following a request from Parliament, is also part of a new framework which we have been putting in place.
Friends and foes keep changing.
We simply cannot threaten to stop a negotiation process which is not de facto
We all know that the rights of migrants will not be respected in Turkey, therefore we should not have a readmission agreement, whereas we agreed that visa liberalisation is a very important tool.
I too want to remind us of fifteen-year-old Berkin Elvan who died because of injuries caused by tear gas bullets.
But once again, the role of the EU could be much stronger if we were to have a clear commitment to a positive outcome on prospects for membership.
Mr President, we have heard an interesting discussion today.
This is particularly important when preparing for reappointment.
The 2006 Córdoba Agreement was signed by all parties, and we are not prepared to stand back and see the integrity of Single Sky, and the benefits it would bring, irrevocably damaged.
Technology has transformed the way the travel market operates, making the current rules almost obsolete.
The vote tomorrow will also add momentum to the debate in the Council, so the new package rule could become law soon.
While this deviates from the Commission proposal, we nonetheless consider that it constitutes a reasonable basis for further negotiations.
At the meetings of the Montreal Protocol this year, the Scientific Assessment Panel on the Protocol will present its triennial assessment report, and the discussions on its conclusions will provide a good opportunity to look further into potential new threats to the ozone layer and how to address them.
Increased EU demand for alternative technologies is likely to spur innovation and economies of scale in other markets too, hence reducing the costs of a global phase-down of HFCs.
It is also applied to seasonal workers.
What is the problem with the free movement of workers?
I also appreciate the efforts of the Lithuanian Presidency to reach a good agreement.
Mr President, free movement of workers is one of the cornerstones of the EU’s single market.
In addition, many mobile EU workers and their families encounter difficulties in finding information about their rights.
People will have more access to the information they need to exercise their rights.
Mr President, labour mobility gives citizens all across Europe the opportunity to move and work abroad.
This has been a great success.
But our problem is not really in the European Union;
Because the directive explicitly recognises that tax crimes give rise to a money-laundering offence.
Indeed in one case – I believe it was in Finland – most of the slot machines are run by state agencies, which are not of course linked to money laundering.
My hope with this package of legislation is that it will shine a very bright light on the dark and murky depths of organised crime.
We salute the aims behind this important amendment.
We share the concerns that Parliament seeks to address, which are very often motivated by the need for a more European internal market approach.
NGOs were particularly helpful regarding transparency and on social and environmental aspects, etc.
My friend Ms Abela Baldacchino, from Malta, mentioned the Mediterranean.
We have invested so much politically in North Africa that we cannot abandon them to their fate, and the projects financed by the European Investment Bank in North Africa are a way of doing politics, of doing foreign policy in our neighbourhood.
Let us take Ukraine, for instance.
the request is limited to a willing ‘as soon as possible’.
The implementation of the banking union is indeed a matter of urgency, but surely the banking union will not be the last building block of this new architecture.
First, we have a tendency to take on more loans than we are able to bear.
In the case of Portugal, the culprits are the Socialists;
Her speech could be summed up with the phrase: the Troika told us to do it.
The current account is in surplus for the first time in decades, and there is also an apparent primary surplus in the country’s public finances for last year.
There has been much prevarication on this, and it is time that the European Parliament stated where it stands, because taking note is not good enough.
).
We believe that Myanmar has much to gain from the establishment there of an Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) country office, and we continue to call for that to be put in place swiftly.
Why is she not here today?
What nonsense!
She never fails to raise this issue when she meets with leaders of countries where violations occur.
The European Union is also giving political and practical support to the UN human rights bodies and will continue to defend its independence.
The overall point I would make is that the Member States must want to buy into programmes such as the resettlement programme.
blue
card question
Tell us something like that.
First, their immigrant pawns were temporary guest workers;
I hope you will not be re-elected if you are indeed seeking re-election, because the kinds of statements you have just made are shameful for this Parliament.
But more flexibility does not mean less control over the use of funding.
We have had good cooperation and a constructive approach, and the end result is a pragmatic and realistic compromise on a number of very difficult issues.
It is not only about reporting to the single point of contact but also about giving back information to the companies as to how this process will be dealt with in the future.
Malcolm Harbour (ECR).
Let us prepare ourselves.
Likewise, key internet companies are also becoming essential these days to interactions and transactions.
During our work on this report, important questions have arisen: the question of the prudence principle versus the neutral one included in the conceptual framework, and the principle that accounts should give the true and fair value;
In this context I would like to thank the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection and in particular its Chair Malcolm Harbour – and, of course, the rapporteur, Ms[nbsp ]Weiler.
That was Ireland, and the people of Ireland rejected it.
We are now analysing the findings of this mission and are in close contact with the IMF, whose own mission is still on the ground in Kiev.
GDP grew by 0.1[nbsp ]% last year.
(Loud applause)
and monitor implementation of agreements and commitments.
I spoke then of the need for Russia to honour the 1994 Budapest Assurances to respect Ukraine’s territorial integrity, including the Crimea, but few of us could have predicted at the time that there would be a military land-grab by Putin, justified by a pack of lies and his will and keenness to revive the glories of the disappeared Soviet Union and reabsorb the east of Ukraine, no matter what the costs or the international legal violations by his government are.
(The President cut off the speaker)
José Manuel Barroso,
This will save the Ukrainian economy around EUR[nbsp ]500 million a year in tariff cuts.
Now they have to resist provocations from the pro-Russian troops and armed men invading military posts, government buildings and the regional parliament.
To put it mildly, hitherto the Ukrainian identity has been loose, but the events of the last few months are something else.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Look at the character of the new government promoted by the European establishment as a paragon of democracy.
Under the first point, let me recall that the referendum organised in Crimea on Sunday infringes the very essence of international law as regards state sovereignty and the inviolability of territorial integrity, as well as the Ukrainian Constitution.
That is why what is going on in Crimea is happening much closer to us than many of us – many of you – are ready to accept.
It is a very important regulation for two reasons: on the one hand, because it adapts to the new Single European Sky rules, and on the other, because of its governance reform, the aim of which is to implement the interinstitutional agreement on the European Agencies signed in July 2012.
Therefore, the new Directive proposed aims to modernise the scope of the previous one, taking seriously into consideration the protection of travellers.
This legislation aims at clarifying and better applying those rights under existing EU legislation.
Lithuania, like other Member States, can make all these target measures more efficient by improving cooperation with each other in enforcing the rights of workers from other EU countries.
I acknowledge that the new legislation does not remove the threshold for mandatory EIAs of shale gas projects but that other measures agreed, such as the ban on developers submitting smaller shale gas projects in the same area with the intention of remaining below the threshold and thereby avoiding an EIA, will have the effect of making an EIA on shale gas projects de facto mandatory.
That is a national competence and is their own decision.
Paul Murphy (GUE/NGL).
I have voted in favour of this report which opposes mass surveillance by the NSA.
In light of the inquiry's findings, this report calls for the suspension of two key EU-US data-sharing agreements, the development of an EU 'cloud' to reduce dependency of EU citizens on the US cloud and for EU action to protect whistle-blowers and press freedom.
Moreover, the fact that EUR[nbsp ]500 million are being taken away from welfare systems and public services each year merits a response from the EU.
Pino Arlacchi (S&D
a crackdown on media-freedom – the list is disappointingly long.
),
Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE), in writing.
However, on the other hand we have some softening of the rules, and for several reasons the commitment was not what we expected.
As usual, there are – as was mentioned by the rapporteur, Eider Gardiazábal Rubial – unpredictable events or special needs, namely humanitarian aid.
This is realistic and is not creating unrealistic expectations outside Europe.
The EUR[nbsp ]1.6 billion is intended as macroeconomic assistance: this is about loans under the guarantee of the European budget.
It is simple.
I could mention the revision of the Transparency and the Accounting Directive and the reform of the fisheries policy.
As for the thematic issues that were also mentioned, the Commission continues to work on five thematic challenges identified in 2009: trade and finance, climate change, food security, migration, and security.
),
We must focus more attention on the surveying, registration and management of land and the formalisation of property rights everywhere around the globe, in order to facilitate more secure business networks and, ultimately, lasting prosperity, unshackled from the ambivalent structures of international aid.
We have been told to be patient – to wait – but as we wait, debt is mounting, as are our interest payments.
The report also highlights the lack of democratic accountability and recommends the phasing out of the Troika.
I would not claim the Internal Security Fund to be a panacea, but I am pleased to see EU recognition of the needs of victims of terrorism.
It is clear that Putin’s much-vaunted prisoner amnesty was simply window dressing to convince the world of Russia’s democratic credentials.
So I join my colleagues in the ECR in condemning the harsh and disproportionate sentences handed down to the seven defendants.
Mikhail Kosenko, who was convicted in October 2013, was sentenced to indefinite forced psychiatric treatment.
Amnesty International called these cases ‘politically motivated show trials’ and indicated that the Bolotnaya protesters had suffered abuse at the hands of the Russian police.
Let me share another story with you.
Nevertheless, do we see a chance that this particular case will be put before the European Parliament, perhaps now or another time?
Some Members of this Parliament have today called for the launch of Article 96 consultations with Nigeria and Uganda.
Now Ugandan gays and lesbians may be imprisoned for years, as may the friends and family that support them.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group
They could have been more flexible in scheduling this debate on a day that she would be here.
Ireland’s mackerel quota will increase from 57[nbsp ]000 tonnes to 105[nbsp ]000 tonnes.
Judith A. Merkies (S&D).
a better broadband deal;
Ten months ago that was what you said to me, and I agreed with you.
All those things depend on enhanced quality of service.
So what does it actually mean?
These imbalances are caused by the idiotic doctrine of mutual recognition which states that all EU Member Statesʼ police, judicial and penal systems are of equal value.
And the rights of this Parliament and the powers of this Parliament will be truly respected during the co-legislation process as was the case during the current period of the Stockholm Programme.
In addition to Parliament’s valuable work, and also the participation of Mr López Aguilar in the Athens informal meeting, there have been two recent Commission communications which have helped develop our thinking.
There appears to be a significant amount of agreement about where we stand on a wide range of issues.
Resettlement and relocation of beneficiaries of international protection are concrete and tangible forms of solidarity, and I urge all Member States to engage in resettlement.
Michael Cashman (S&D).
The signing of parts of the Association Agreement was a good first step but we now need urgently to ratify and implement the DCFTA provisions in a temporary and asymmetric form to help Ukraine’s economy.
To that end, while Russia continues its aggression the initial sanctions must only be the beginning.
As is the case every year, we grant discharge in paragraph 1 of our decision to our President and – in the same way as every year – the President has not been present in any part of the decision-making process on the discharge of our own House.
We have also encouraged the administration of the European Parliament which has been at the forefront of some very successful projects like the AT4AM to collaborate further with the Secretary-General of the Commission in order to identify further improvements to be made in an open source and secure root to the base-level ICT infrastructures of the institutions.
blue
It is very much time for the Commission to establish a definition of what exactly a non-governmental organisation is and, except in exceptional cases, also ask for contributions to come from another source than some kind of government source.
we also need to make assurance that the funds are achieving the results intended – that is, that the European Union budget is providing added value and making an impact on citizens.
We all agree that the situation under shared management, and in particular in the area of agriculture and regional policy, needs to be further improved.
Mr President, let me start with a quote: ‘But let me be very clear: if this exercise [of ICAO] does not deliver ...
We have no confidence in you.
Mr President, your vote will take place tomorrow but Commissioner Barnier already wants to thank Parliament for its efficient work and support for this important package in the context of the implementation of an integrated payments market.
).
If you are asking me whether I think it is important that Turkey, as a strong NATO ally, should play a full part in the NATO Alliance, then I would agree completely.
In the European Union, the United Kingdom has very little influence.
We stand ready in the Middle East to support and make an unprecedented package of support to the parties in the context of a final status agreement.
In my final report ahead of the December 2013 European Council that was on security and defence I said: ‘The peace and security of Europe has always been a prerequisite for its economic welfare.
But I stress again the urgency and importance of supporting the economy of Ukraine to enable it to fulfil the aspirations of its people.
It has huge potential and we will continue to work tirelessly with them on that, as we do with other nations of the region, particularly at the moment Egypt, where we have a strong relationship with the people of Egypt.
Members know full well that the so-called Ukrainian revolution was manufactured with everything from the agitprop to the snipers provided from the USA and the EU.
This is not about loss.
Nothing is definite yet, but we are nevertheless on the way.
on behalf of the ALDE Group
Baroness Ashton, you are in charge of a CFSP budget of around EUR 300 million annually.
Under your direction, the External Action Service is doing its utmost to do its job and it does it brilliantly.
We therefore need greater involvement and greater engagement.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr[nbsp ]Zarif, recently laid a wreath at the grave of Mr Mughniyeh, who masterminded the bombing of US marines in Lebanon in 1983.
They cannot wait to see more change.
I am therefore particularly satisfied that extensive discussions took place between the three institutions and that an agreement could be found.
In favour.
I hope there will be more scope for compromise in future negotiations on the report.
It has focused its attention instead on peripheral non-legislative matters, such as fundamental rights and the Parliament’s NSA inquiry, amongst other issues.
In the Council’s Working Group, representatives of the United Kingdom have put forward suggestions to simplify and streamline the provisions contained in the proposal.
As Amendment 234 states, ‘net neutrality shall mean the principle according to which all internet traffic is treated equally, without discrimination, restriction or interference, independently of its sender, recipient, type, content, device, service or application’.
Such a definition of net neutrality, and the following amendments to lay out concrete measures to ensure the corresponding implementation, will provide citizens with guarantees that their interaction on the internet will not be subject to profiled and ungrounded controls that could be in breach of data protection and privacy laws.
Following the adoption of the Lisbon Treaty, we have witnessed some successes for the CFSP that have been taking place over the last five years.
I voted in favour of this report, it establishes important rules and procedures in order to ensure an effective and timely exercise of the European Unionʼs rights to suspend or withdraw concessions or other obligations under bilateral, plurilateral or multilateral trade agreements.
for instance, how to promote sustainable urban mobility, and we even have an abbreviation: SUMPs – sustainable urban mobility plans.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group
I would just like to begin by saying that we strongly support the changes to cab design to see better protection for cyclists and for pedestrians.
Regarding research, as Ms Foster has rightly mentioned already, we are contributing to the Single European Sky everything which is related to the Single Sky, and this definitely reduces the noise and pollution as well.
We are very happy that transport research will receive more funding than it did during the last financial perspective.
This is the way forward and I think we have all the tools at our fingertips.
First of all, may I say that we did draw lessons from the horsemeat scandal.
Many of these new elements will be accompanied by financial incentives through the regulation for the management of expenditures, to which I am glad the European Parliament has already given its agreement.
We recognise that these are important.
Regions can, however, register their representative offices in Brussels if they so wish.
Mr President, I commend Ms McIntyre for her efforts in this report and I share with her my desire for greater success for small and medium enterprises, and indeed their ability to create jobs.
By making it simpler and easier to understand and implement regulations, we increase compliance and safety.
Therefore, the European institutions and the Member States must establish a culture of entrepreneurship for businesses to start up, survive and grow while being able to remain competitive in today’s global markets.’
Skills: to compete and succeed globally, we need a workforce with the skills that the market needs.
President.
The overall mandate was given by a contact group where the President of Parliament and the leaders of the political groups were involved.
Supplementary schemes are becoming more and more important in many Member States, so it is pertinent that an agreement in this area has finally been reached and that barriers to mobility, such as vesting and waiting periods, have been addressed.
Pension rights are an especially important topic in these times of precarious employment, economic difficulties and demographic changes.
As you aware, the Commission first put forward this proposal, known at the time as the Portability Directive, in 2005.
Thirdly, the directive provides that workers should be duly informed of the impact of any mobility on their pension rights and, after leaving the pension scheme, of the value of their dormant rights.
The use of best practices in a free and competitive market has always ensured the supremacy of the City of London in the financial services sector.
Here you will remember a Latvian firm won a contract to build an educational facility in Sweden and brought in a team of Latvian workers to do the job.
Emily Turunen, who is an extremely hardworking and competent member of our committee, did a very good job of trying to reach a good compromise.
I will be leaving after 30 years and I would have liked to have ended my time as a Member on a high note.
For example, the list of indicative criteria will assist authorities to establish when a posting is genuine and to catch out letter-box companies.
The new network of public employment services will help increase the performance of these services through mutual learning and technical assistance projects.
they are imported from outside Europe.
We are certainly not yet at the point where we could provide a definite answer;
This business is one of hundreds of similar firms across the EU which will not be able to guarantee the integrity of their product because of the near certainty of add mixture with degradable materials.
How is this supposed to be possible if interpretation will only be provided by radio and not on board the ship?
However, we have seen, as Ms[nbsp ]Stihler has just said, people to the right of the House, particularly in the United Kingdom – and I do absolve Mr[nbsp ]Harbour from this accusation entirely – running scared of UKIP and jumping on a story in the Daily Mail and Daily Express which said that there was an EU plot to axe UK number plates.
But it also states that, although Berlin will be the main way to solve problems, there are also situations of systemic crisis when you need public intervention.
The financial world will be a safer place.
Mr President, I want to reflect on all the dossiers as chairman of the committee and I want to say first of all that the biggest disappointment for the members of the committee – and especially Ms[nbsp ]Schaldemose and Ms Pietikäinen – is that we are not putting before you today a first-reading agreement with the Council.
Of course we differ, as I am a free trader: I think free trade is very good.
I call therefore on the Council to enter into negotiations with the European Parliament and the Commission on these two important legislative proposals as soon as possible.
The proposal aims to back up this commitment with adequate funding, so as to separate the taxpayer from losses incurred by bank failure, and to make certain other commitments to reassure depositors.
The goal of this legislative proposal is to safeguard deposits under EUR[nbsp ]100 000 in EU countries by a solid ex-ante funding for national funds, financed by banks and not by taxpayers.
I have voted in favour of this report, which aims to help reducing the oil dependency and cutting greenhouse emissions from transport through the deployment of a EU network of clean energy recharging stations from 2020 to 2030.
Standardising infrastructure deployment across Europe, e.g. through only one type of electric vehicle connector, will give confidence to consumers and industry.
However, it is vital that a line is drawn in the sand and that trust is allowed to return to the public in the financial services system.
The key issues concerned an updating of cab dimensions to reduce the driver’s blind spots, in order to protect vulnerable road users such as pedestrians and cyclists.
),
I have voted in favour of the report on the framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms.
in writing
Without an agreement the Parliament is asked to revert to the previous agreement, which does not make this important clarification.
UKIP's position is against any further expansion of the ECJ judiciary.
in writing
Claudette Abela Baldacchino (S&D), in writing.
The deployment of an EU-wide emergency call system in all cars will be a lifesaver.
The technology is available to cover the other 90% of emergency calls (290 million) originated from mobile terminals.
The Commission also calculates that a 10% increase in broadband speed will raise the GDP by 1% or even 1.5%.
I supported this report, which calls for greater transparency in energy, telecommunications, transport and postal services and increased protection for consumers.
Despite the repeated requests of the European Parliament the register has still not been made mandatory.
Roberta Metsola (PPE), in writing.
This is an important step towards greater transparency in lobbyists’ interaction with the European Parliament and the Commission.
The institutions of the European Union are unreformable, otherwise they would have been reformed back in 1994 – the first time that the accountants did not pass the test of the Auditors.
In these negotiations, Parliament backed the Commission proposals, which suggested the abolition of the current VAT resource and introduction of two new genuine own resources, replacing the current correction mechanisms with a new system of temporary corrections and a reduction to 10% in the share of traditional own resources that MS retain as collection costs.
The Council welcomes the recent start of the work of this group and we are convinced that the group, under the chairmanship of Mr[nbsp ]Monti, will carry out excellent work.
Janusz Lewandowski, Member of the Commission.
).
The situation is such that, should a crisis arise tomorrow, we would not be able to intervene and provide assistance.
We have to exploit all the possibilities – all the tools available under the Treaty and the Financial Regulation, all creativity and redeployments, and internal transfers – of reacting.
The Commission was able to give an initial response to the shortage of payment appropriations concerning humanitarian aid and the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights by presenting two transfer proposals.
Janusz Lewandowski,
),
Therefore, once again, I was absolutely against the amendment of the Honey Directive in such a way.
As has been said many times, supporting the achieved compromise means going both against the consumer’s freedom of choice and against the beekeeping sector in its efforts to producing GMO-free honey.
in writing
The report deals with the high expectations that the Parliament places on the High Level Group on Own Resources.
I find the response of some Members here deeply ironic, because it is their groups who allowed this to go through in three months, only eight years ago.
This judgment says that data retention can still happen, that we can address the security and terrorist risks, but we cannot collect bulk data as we did in the pre-Snowden era.
They also condemned violence and attacks against diplomatic missions around the world.
With the adoption, in June 2012, of the EU Strategic Framework on Human Rights and Democracy, the European Union recalled that, throughout the world, women and men demanded to live in liberty, dignity and security, in open and democratic societies underpinned by human rights and the rule of law.
The European External Action coordinator is active in making contact with a great variety of stakeholders, with a deep engagement in the international cultural scene.
On the one hand, it will be easier for victims to exercise the right to compensation.
At the same time, the text regulates interaction between the public and private enforcement of competition law, leading to an optimal overall enforcement of competition rules.
The ultimate aim is to help the financing of the European economy and delay will only hold back our growth.
But as we reflect on the horror of the First World War we can also in my view take inspiration from some of the individuals who in tragic circumstances pointed to a better world.
We did it after the First World War in the Balkans.
But let me also express a clear warning.
Fourthly, the EU is firmly committed to providing strong political and financial backing to Ukraine.
Johannes Cornelis van Baalen, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Zbigniew Zaleski (PPE
The way we finally react to Russia’s aggression will decide our own future: how we stick to the original values of the European Union.
The appropriate forum to resolve these differences is via elections, representation and negotiations, not a paramilitary barricade.
It has been mentioned in our debate that the Cold War did not end with a peace treaty.
Mr President, thank you very much for taking the point of order.
I cannot – and nor can any representative in this place – justify to his or her constituents the need for some inward migration of people if there is a belief that you will then have an entitlement to draw on a pot which others have filled.
),
in writing
),
namely its inability to fully protect posted workers and prevent social dumping.
This meant that there were elements which I agreed upon especially where it is not recommended a reopening of the delicate balance of the agreement and other elements that are considered of concern to which I either abstained or voted against.
I am in favour/against the various amendments as I voted.
Labour MEPs today supported ambitious measures to crack down on plastic-bag waste across Europe.
Plastic bags are a scourge on the environment, as they need hundreds of years for their dissolution.
Frontex will be involved in search and rescue, operational planning, detection of vessels, interception and rescue, and disembarkation.
I am in agreement with this report as I am totally in favour of any measures to protect against pets of plants
In this context I welcome the Court of Auditor's analysis of the potential savings for the Union budget if the Parliament had only one working place.
We are not only speaking about promoting shared values on human rights, democracy and the rule of law, but also about working together on very concrete challenges such as how to cope with an ageing society, create new sources of sustainable energy and develop synergies where we see opportunities for cooperation avoiding parallel development.
Roberta Metsola (PPE
Claudette Abela Baldacchino (S&D), in writing.
This report clearly lays out the effective rules for the creation of a fund for European investors and establishes a distinct framework for the standards and structures of the funds.
The EUʼs maritime economy is crucial to achieving the Europe 2020 goals and has huge potential to ensure Europeʼs competitiveness in a globalised world.
This proposal aims to improve the ability of those wronged by infringements of competition rules to claim compensation, in particular by the introduction of a limited disclosure regime for documents which would enable claimants to properly make their case.
A major contributory factor to the problem of persecution in Pakistan has been the alarming rise in violent extremism in parts of the country.
At the same time, what was a local uprising against the violent excesses of the Assad regime has attracted radical forces which resort to terrorist tactics against the most vulnerable, as was the case in the recent attack on the Syrian town of Kessab.
Many of you made reference to this terrible fact.
After hearing you all, coming from all political parties, I am convinced that you in the European Parliament will confirm and agree to this proposal, and I appreciate that.
In Europe, where policymakers declare their full commitment to promoting jobs and addressing the shortages of drivers, more and more professional drivers work away from home for uninterrupted periods of up to three months.
This is unacceptable and must end.
),
The Return Directive has contributed to a convergence and overall to the reduction of maximum detention periods across the European Union.
While talking about a breach of the Returns Directive, we learned in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs on 31 March that in 2012 only 37% of those given a return decision eventually left.
Mr President, in 2008 when the Return Directive was adopted in this House it was harshly criticised by us Greens, by many nongovernmental organisations and even by heads of government.
The evaluation also omits very important questions.
Latin American leaders called it a directive of shame.
Mr President, thank you very much to all the Members of the Parliament who have spoken in this discussion.
I hope that this will be adopted unanimously in plenary.
We already have the Korean agreement as a template for this.
At the same time, Mr Cameron has promised the British people that fewer Poles would come to us.
Similarly, for instance, we have in this room different views about Russia and different interests in relation to Russia.
The Portuguese prosecutors wrote that the investigation was blocked by the lack of cooperation from their German colleagues who, despite many rogatory letters and other requests, never sent to Portugal determining elements of proof, many of them seized in a joint search.
We understand that an oral question on the subject has also been presented by honourable Member Sargentini, who referred to the alleged surveillance of a law firm by a national security agency of a Member State.
The EU directive on the right of access to a lawyer states that Member States shall respect the confidentiality of communication between suspects or accused persons and their lawyers in the exercise of their right of access to a lawyer.
Mr Stuger, do you agree not only that it is an incorrect procedure to be discussing in this place the nation states and what they do with their crops, but also that there is a lack of information for the people about this particular subject that would enable them to advise their representatives so that we can truly be democratic?
The intention was to unblock the wholly unjustified failure to grant final approval of GMOs by the Commission.
Mr President, first of all it is a great pleasure to have a woman prime minister at the head of the EU Presidency.
You can count on us for this, but you know very well that you need more national contributions to make this fund really work.
ALDE wants real security for citizens, not fake security and politics of symbolism.
We are united in diversity – and I see you agree.
Well, you had 13 years in power;
Therefore, be sure that we will be coming back to this issue so often in the months and probably years to come that we might even be bored of it.
At the same time, we also have to be present and invest in our relations with the rest of the world, whether Latin America, the African Union – I am going to be there in a couple of weeks – or Africa in general and some key places in Africa.
Now we look at the Arab World, but do not forget that a lot of our security is linked to the security in the Horn of Africa and in the sub-Sahel region.
we know that there is still a high level of poverty, inequality, children who do not get educated.
This is why the Foreign Affairs Council on Monday will start a strategic discussion on EU-Russia relations.
Second, our resolution puts a proper focus on reforming Ukraine itself and endorses the reform priorities under the Association Agreement outlined in the letter from Ms Mogherini to Mr Brok.
History teaches us that change in Russian politics has always resulted from the internal reshuffling of power.
However, it is fragile and uncertain.
We still have three debates to go, and I think it is a pity that so many Members of Parliament have left.
Cătălin Sorin Ivan (S&D), in writing.
The next item is the vote.
I cannot operate without your support, and equally I work to ensure that the people you represent will have access to an independent source of investigation and redress if they feel they have been unfairly treated by an EU institution.
growing numbers suffering from depression;
As pointed out before, we are at 84%, which is the highest level among the institutions.
there are lot of issues that came up last year which are going to be addressed in future annual reports, so maybe the debate on this report is not the place to address these.
Once again I would like to thank everyone for joining in the discussion, and all the best to Ms O’Reilly.
It is even more important to develop an EU strategy which would not only enable us to get Russia out of Ukraine and bring peace to Europe but also give us tools to challenge the sense of impunity with regard to Putin’s regime and support the Russian people when they stand up for their rights.
One example is the EU Passenger Name Record (PNR) Directive.
Sophia in 't Veld (ALDE).
In other words, investment is only one ingredient in the mix.
We have existing instruments already in place.
The question I would like to ask Vice-President Katainen is: who will decide on these projects?
A lot can also be done at national level.
This is the right answer to be provided.
We need more credit for the efforts already being made in what is a difficult economic situation.
Still to be determined, too, are the extent to which, and how, the 2015 agreement will address controversial issues such as adaptation to the impacts of climate change, and dealing with loss and damage when those impacts occur, promoting or regulating international carbon markets and establishing how we are going to save them.
Firstly, moving forward the European energy union will be crucial.
We know that the consumer groups have shown that the opposite is true.
A social crisis: on 28 January there was a protest meeting in Kiev and the miners cried ‘give us back Yanukovych, at least under Yanukovych we had the salaries’.
if necessary, I could go back to some cases that Members might raise in their speeches.
The end of the Cold War did not bring relief from the threat posed by nuclear weapons and, in many ways, with their potential proliferation to more States and even terrorist organisations, the situation is worse.
The most laughable case of these fact-finding missions was when five delegation members went out to the tropical island of Fiji in 2012.
Secondly, we also support advocacy and lobbying initiatives to improve national legislation and the development of suitable national policies on women’s rights.
Richard Howitt (S&D).
I would fight for the many who are often overheard and overlooked.
Federica Mogherini, Vicepresidente della Commissione/Alto rappresentante dell'Unione per gli affari esteri e la politica di sicurezza.
thanks to ISIS – across Iraq and neighbouring Syria has resulted in a serious and worsening humanitarian crisis.
It is not as though we do not have the expertise and resources to that.
Mr President, today, 11 February, marks the fourth anniversary of the uprising of the Yemeni people demanding their rightful democratic and civil state.
They must take clear responsibility for their actions, rejecting violence and oppression as political tools.
Give it a chance.
It now awaits the external evaluation commissioned by the Frontex Management Board as well as possible further action by the Commission.
This brings us closer to the ideal of a Common European Asylum System in which applications for international protection are treated in the same manner irrespective of where in the EU they are lodged.
The Union has numerous tools that should be more intensively applied and, where necessary, adapted to new realities.
Clinical trial interference is a very good example of this.
It is very critical.
Christos Stylianides, Member of the Commission.
Let me stress my concern, and that of High Representative Mogherini, at the arrest of Bob Rugurika.
The Heads of Mission also expressed concern at the possible political impact of this affair, given its timing – and this includes the risk of a negative effect on the political climate, the credibility of the authorities and the ongoing electoral process.
If Europe’s cooperation with Saudi Arabia is to mean anything, we have to use it to free Raif.
The European Union is currently its main source of funding, with an overall contribution since 2006 of EUR 14.7 million, managed under the authority of my colleague, Corina Crețu.
I can already announce that, building on all the expertise we have in the House, the DGs and the Joint Research Centre, I intend to present, before the end of this year, the first edition of the annual State of the Energy Union.
Mr President, I think it is a good start, but I had a look at one of the earlier leaked versions of the particular proposal, and one section caught my eye: ‘An Energy Union for research and innovation’, and in brackets: ‘needs more work’.
National security is a matter for national governments.
With the OMT, the opinion that the European Court of Justice (ECJ) has issued says that we should look.
Mario Draghi, President of ECB.
Madam President, I am very pleased to participate in this plenary debate.
Simultaneous action in all three areas is critical to restore confidence and to reduce the uncertainty that is holding back investment.
In case government bonds targets are not accomplished due to shortages in the markets, is the ECB ready to buy more bonds from the EIB and ABS?
We have called for the government, opposition leaders, students and Venezuela’s civil society to work together to engage in peaceful dialogue and reject violence and overcome the situation.
Matters of conscience certainly belong to those competences.
If I want a job doing, I want it done well;
Europe has suffered despicable attacks and shown unbeatable courage.
Attacking and excluding others, insulting other peoples and their faith and their convictions – this is no way forward.
Norica Nicolai (ALDE), in writing.
UKIP abstained on paragraph 50 as we cannot support calling on the EU to interfere with the UKʼs immigration system regarding the right to residency.
My party are seeking improvements for the real economy and we will not endorse proposals which are designed to benefit certain vested financial interests.
David Casa (PPE), in writing.
Madam President, it is often said in the media that the type of report Mr Fernandes has drafted will not attract a lot of attention, because it is only the first step in the budgetary process.
President.
Secondly, 2016 will serve as a benchmark of post—electoral multiannual financial framework divisions.
This is an opportunity for Member States to improve and it is also an opportunity for us in the EU institutions to carry forward the related changes to the Financial Regulation, which is currently under negotiation.
Our accounts are signed.
Madam President, firstly I would like to congratulate the Commission.
The Council also attaches particular importance to the area of the rule of law and fundamental rights and has urged Montenegro to tackle the issues of concern identified by the Commission, especially the independence of the judiciary, the fight against corruption and organised crime.
James Carver (EFDD), blue-card answer.
Far too many lives have been lost on our roads due to unsafe lorry designs.
At the same time I believe that we must take a clear political position.
I strongly oppose the notion that the EU should be a foreign policy actor in itself, let alone increase its sphere of influence into non-Member States, which is why I choose to abstain on this vote.
Martina Anderson (GUE/NGL), in writing.
The report takes note of the progress made by Kosovo in fulfilling the requirements of the visa liberalisation roadmap.
The report then asks the Commission to put forward proposals for the completion of the EMU, which should be based on the Community method.
That was a very interesting speech, very well made.
We also need do what we can in order to secure transparency for all Russian citizens who need Russian—language broadcasting.
As one of the few outspoken and independent voices in Russian politics, his murder represents a devastating blow to hopes for democratization in Russia any time soon.
His party belongs to the ALDE family, but he is a man we do not claim for ourselves: he belongs to all of us.
One has to able to back up strong words with action, otherwise one looks foolish.
This will take respect and I am fully ready to go through this process, taking the time and taking the respect we will need to have everybody on board.
I also welcome the Brok report underlining the vital importance of NATO in our collective defence and, as a friend of Taiwan, the improvement in the Far East of Cross—Strait relations.
Terrorism, confronting the threat of Daesh, uncontrolled migration, regional instability – these are only some of the challenges we have in front of us in Libya and the unity government in Libya is vital to addressing all these issues and many more.
Why is it not tolerable?
The situation there is escalating and this has consequences not only for the region, but also for our own security.
What you are suggesting is absolute madness and our agricultural industry is going to suffer heavily if we attempt to bury carbon dioxide in the ground: it is absolutely mad.
Of course, in order to succeed, such a juggling operation needs commitment, discipline and a high level of competence.
At the same time, the Energy Union is necessary to generate more growth in Europe.
A national education system, for example, cannot be overhauled within a year.
Dariusz Rosati, rapporteur.
The Commission has published the country—specific analysis in a single document for each country, three months in advance.
Diane Dodds (NI), in writing.
Sorin Moisă (S&D), in writing.
‒ I gave my support to the Parliament resolution on the Relations between the EU and the League of Arab States and cooperation in countering terrorism.
Third and finally, let me recall that the credibility of the UN human rights systems rests primarily on the independence and integrity of the Office of the High Commissioner.
I mean a positive package for young people, young students and researchers.
Oil prices have declined faster than expected.
I believe, at this stage, that the Commission has provided for enough controls in the document that would be signed with Ukraine after our vote and following approval by the Council.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 162(8))
We must fight against racist and stigmatising language.
Mr President, we commemorate today the tragic death of 1.5 million Armenians, but the estimated numbers do not tell the whole story which is about the unique tragedy of each human being who lost his or her life as a result of these brutal murders.
It makes no sense to adopt similar data retention measures while a real possibility remains that the Court of Justice may rule against the EU-Canada PNR agreement.
But the European Parliament has no jurisdiction in international law.
Mercedes Bresso (S&D), in writing.
Mr President, regarding Rule 32 and the composition of political groups, you made no announcement of any change in the composition of political groups.
Is this because they think this is a bad idea, this legislation?
Kaja Kallas (ALDE).
The social costs of alcohol-related harm are estimated to be over EUR 155 billion every year.
So let us together do what we can to make sure that change is not temporary but really sustainable.
Maybe you can explain how, if not by binding rules, we are going to make sure that the goods that are being sold here are in line with the most decent, normal and basic human rights and the most basic working laws.
it retains the concept of a maximum sustainable yield, taking little or no account of subsidy or illegality or the simple fact that if you try to operate at the limit of its sustainability you have no margin of error.
I believe this will strengthen the coherence between our two policies.
That is enough to fill two Wembley Stadiums.
Recognition in the wider sense is important for reaching talent where talent lies, for promoting more flexible learning paths, and for ensuring lifelong learning.
More recently the programme has taken over the preparatory action on the simultaneous release of films in cinema theatres and through video on demand, which provides incentives to the sector to innovate in the way that films are released.
It is probably time that we set up together a real counter-terrorism European agency to fight terrorism.
As far as Ms Fajon’s points are concerned, social division and poverty – the root causes of extremism – are addressed and will be developed in cooperation with the competent colleagues.
Addressing the need for an inter-agency and cross-sectorial approach and bringing together internal and external dimensions of security is important.
I also spoke about the lack of European competence, referring instead to the competences of the Member States.
The update would set a framework within which MMFs could operate competitively.
From the Commission side, I want to state very clearly that we take this responsibility very seriously.
It is part of a multi-year process and it will not finish tomorrow, even if, as I hope, the accounts for 2013 will be closed.
For that we have to have credible information.
The honest answer is that actually we did not.
If we do it right we can really have decarbonisation in the transport sector, but if we do it wrong we are stimulating bad technologies and that is what we would like to prevent.
Mr President, we are here today to finalise the last stage of the legislative process of adopting a directive that aims to tackle a very serious and highly visible environmental problem: the overconsumption and littering of lightweight plastic carrier bags.
However, some areas still need further development and it is crucial to revitalise the Bologna Process to meet new challenges as well as to ensure the quality and transparency of the European Higher Education Area.
It strongly rejects direct EU competence for forestry, but calls for coherence between the roles of the EU and the Member States in forestry-related policies.
I voted in favour of the report and in favour of the deployment of the eCall in-vehicle system as it aims to implement a system that will help ensure the safety of passengers and better road safety in across the EU.
This was recognised from the start in the provisions which guaranteed within the framework of the Treaty of Accession implementation of specific measures to safeguard resources in the Gulf of Riga – a sensitive eco-region of the Baltic Sea.
‒ President, I am pleased that the Court of Auditors did not find any serious weaknesses in the topics audited and I support the constructive recommendations identified in the report which aim to improve processes.
Jill Evans (Verts/ALE), in writing.
I also would like to see the Commission keeping its promise regarding the immediate transfer of additional pre-financing to the Member States.
Moreover, Economic research provides evidence that the conduct and nature of MMFs make them vulnerable to destabilising investor runs, which can spread quickly among funds, impairing liquidity and the availability of short- term credit, in particular for banks.
Marginalised youth and individuals have to regain self-worth and optimism, not by extremists luring them into fantasies of heroism and reputation but by governments providing relevant academic and social education leading to a decent job and life.
Now we must ensure that they will be appropriately enforced by the Member State authorities.
Ivo Vajgl (ALDE), blue-card question.
I hope the Commission and Council will work with Parliament in the coming weeks to prepare for the Council, to prepare for Addis, and to lay the foundations for ambitious agreements in Addis, New York and Paris that can form a true, global partnership for sustainable development from 2015 to 2030.
I therefore hope that the Council will be able to adopt clear and compelling conclusions on the Global Partnership next month – including on the EU’s recommitment to the ODA targets.
‒ This report contained several positive elements.
Doru-Claudian Frunzulică (S&D), in writing.
Indeed, we see a number of products, such as alcopops, that are marketed towards young people.
Seán Kelly (PPE), in writing.
It is only through careful, intelligent innovation and investment in the agriculture sector that we can hope to eliminate hunger and malnutrition around the world, as well as ensure the environmental benefits from ecologically sound food production
However, I voted against on the second part of paragraph 15, on sexual and reproductive health.
Unfortunately, industry lobbying prevented the mandatory labelling of the calorie count in alcoholic drinks but we want the Commission to revisit the issue.
MEPs have expressed their condolences once again to the bereaved families and to those injured or disabled.
There is a serious democratic deficit in Bangladesh.
This resolution also indicated that EU is recognising that this is a European problem which requires a European solution.
‒ It is clear that if we do not act now we will bear the responsibility before future generations for these tragedies.
The Al-Qaeda affiliated group has portrayed itself over the past years as fighting a holy war against Christians, even though its actions in Somalia have killed mostly Muslims.
Afzal Khan (S&D), in writing.
The EIB lending, coupled with structural reforms and fiscal consolidation in Member States, will be an essential tool for restoring growth in Europe.
We on the Parliament side want to see the EFSI become a success and are ready to play our role in that sense, but for the Fund to reach its goals, the EIB would definitely need additional human resources in order not to affect the existing operations of the Bank.
Compensation can be granted for eradication measures such as removal and destruction of plants, phytosanitary treatments, including for sampling and testing, on condition that all proposed eradication measures are fully implemented.
This is an EU protection racket worthy of the late Al Capone and another example of the dark and perverted science of the EU.
Mr President, I would like to thank everyone for participating in a debate that clearly showed the complexity of the topic we are discussing today.
Reviewing the scope of the application of reduced rates is part of this exercise.
So ministers, do not wait;
So let us talk about MOSS reform.
Sophia in 't Veld (ALDE), blue-card answer.
Do you know what Fidesz is?
We just need to move on and get it done.
We can also risk continuing to have thriving underground markets in conflict and high-risk areas and a prosperous smuggling sector.
Iuliu Winkler, rapporteur.
Neena Gill (S&D).
The agreement that we voted upon in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has a balanced and proportional outcome.
The Labour Party’s efforts led to a UK law to commit 0.7% of national income (GNI) to Official Development Assistance (ODA).
Nessa Childers (S&D), in writing.
Almost half of such events could be avoided.
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
I fully support the rights of people with disabilities, who as full citizens, have equal rights and are entitled to inalienable dignity, equal treatment, independent living and full participation in society.
The EU must adopt a disability and development policy.
‒ I voted in favour of the fourth EU anti-money laundering directive;
As with so much else that they have done, however, rather than enact the new legislation for the benefit of the people, they allowed themselves to be entirely influenced by the banking sector.
The Commission presented a very sensible proposal that would have implemented a voluntary scheme, establishing a compromise between the aims of increasing transparency but weighed against the backdrop of international competition that is beyond the reach of the EU/international mandate.
Martina Anderson (GUE/NGL).
Labour MEPs voted in favour of this resolution because we want to protect the rights of working parents and enable mothers, and fathers, to balance their work and family lives.
It is not appropriate however for legislation to be simply jammed in the system and I therefore voted in favour of this resolution and would like to see some sort of meaningful progress on the subject matter.
Next, the Kurdish issue.
The enlargement process provides the most suitable framework for cooperation and performance.
The situation of journalists, bloggers, members of the opposition and other individuals is a major cause for concern.
This is a very serious problem.
A positive impact could be expected soon.
There is plenty of flexibility within the Youth Employment Initiative: the possibility to provide traineeships and apprenticeships, the provision of first job experience, targeted and well-designed wage and recruitment subsidies, job and training mobility measures and start-up support for young entrepreneurs.
So, that said, let us come to the topic of today.
We are putting an extra EUR 50 million into the scheme, which should result in resettling an additional 20 000 people into the EU over two years.
One of the root causes is, of course, the status and welfare of the Rohingya minority in Myanmar and the under—development of Rakhine State, where most of the Rohingya originate.
Consider the example of non-EU Norway, a nation of five million people, whose diplomats have nonetheless been active on almost every continent and archipelago.
Afzal Khan (S&D), in writing.
They will also highlight current efforts to build a European Energy Union and illustrate the key elements of the recent European policy on migration.
If I listen carefully, I think that much of the ambition that Parliament wants injected into the G7 meeting is directed at the other members of the G7, but I would gladly pass that message on to President Juncker to take on board.
Thank you.
The next item is the debate on the motion for a resolution on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation (EU) No 1308/2013 and Regulation (EU) No 1306/2013 as regards the aid scheme for the supply of fruit and vegetables, bananas and milk in the educational establishments (COM(2014)0032 - C8-0025/2014 - 2014/0014(COD)) (2015/2659(RSP) (B8-0362/2015).
All the other big institutions that work on human rights – like the Council of Europe across the river there, Nils Muižnieks, Human Rights Commissioner of the Council of Europe, Michel Forst, UN Special Rapporteur on Human Rights Defenders, and Dunja Mijatović, the OSCEʼs Representative on Freedom of the Media – all these have spoken out in writing that sport cannot ignore human rights.
It is the Commission’s firm intention to continue to promote equality in all EU activities, internal and external, as required by the Treaty.
It should also tackle the pressing issue of energy poverty.
There is something called international law: being a member of the Security Council of the United Nations, humanitarian law, crimes against humanity.
Heidi Hautala (Verts/ALE).
This may impact our ability to take a strong stance and defend our interests.
This report calls for an ambitious EU strategy for women’s rights and gender equality for the next five years and sets out ambitious and concrete proposals.
It is unacceptable that the report aims at providing political legitimation for the EU to make access to abortion and population control the political priority of the international development policy after 2015, in clear contradiction to the ruling of the ECJ in the case of Brüstle v Greenpeace, in which it was unanimously stated that ‘life begins after conception’ and against the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Article 3, which says that ‘Everyone has the right to life, liberty and security of person’, including the unborn.
Among those six riparian states, two are Member States of the European Union.
The EU condemned the attempted coup.
On 5 June the spokesperson of High Representative/Vice-President Mogherini issued a statement calling on all parties in the dialogue to work with Mr Djinnit and with the envoys of the African Union and the East African Community in order to find a consensus on the road ahead.
I am repeating myself now.
Mr President, I have listened to carefully to the views expressed during the course of the debate.
Opposition leaders, journalists, human rights defenders – and really anyone who is critical – risk intimidation and imprisonment, and some of the brightest minds have now fled the country.
‒ I voted in favour of the recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the EU-Iceland Agreement on Iceland’s participation in the second commitment period of the Kyoto Protocol recommendation.
Marian Harkin (ALDE), in writing.
Janusz Korwin-Mikke (NI).
I have no doubt that if the international community does not react to this aggression in the right way, there will be more regions that one could add to this list.
I think that is pretty much universally accepted.
Hardly independent, is it, Ms Clune?
‒ While the situation in Hungary and the rise of populism is of concern, the suggestion in the resolution to create another European oversight body, to somehow ensure Hungary’s compliance with the Charter and Treaties, is not viable or feasible.
With regard to these worrying developments in Hungary, I believe the Commission should make sure that relevant monitoring mechanisms are in place to assess the state of democracy in Hungary.
I do not necessarily like every single thing that Hungary does, but Hungary is a sovereign, democratic nation – and this place should not interfere.
Siôn Simon (S&D), in writing.
At present I do not foresee such a Government emerging, especially as Erdogan is already talking of fresh elections, but I hope to be proved wrong.
‒ I voted in favour of the resolution, and I would put special emphasis on the importance for Turkey of having more sensible policies regarding human rights and the rights of minorities.
It is also high time for the international community to develop a renewed protocol for the protection of cultural heritage in times of war, and I urge the EU to be at the forefront of this.
I strongly urge the Paraguayan authorities to meet their international obligations and protect human rights by ensuring girls have access to safe abortion, at least when their health and life are in danger and in cases of rape and incest.
Reaching them must be a priority before the upcoming monsoon rains cause further damage and access to them is cut off.
it is important for the security of all NATO members.
While condemning Russia’s invasion of Crimea, I believe that the country still remains a world superpower with which the EU has to maintain dialogue.
It would be like a party where you enter when you have money and you go out when you no longer have any money.
‘They are all trying to enter Britain, Sir, they are all trying to flee Europe’)
Moreover, we are not negotiating with the Member States – we are negotiating with COREPER, and they are not able actually to move.
From here on, we have to make sure that it delivers on the promises that we have outlined.
We have taken important steps towards implementing it, for instance the investment plan and STB flexibility.
Surely not.
At the moment, all results and methodologies, including detailed information, top-down and bottom-up approaches, can be found in the relevant documents available on the Commission’s website.
If we want corporations to pay their fair share, we need to work collectively at the level of the OECD, so that as many countries as possible work together to solve this problem.
Madam President, I am glad to welcome this European Fund for Strategic Investments that may help to kick start investment and, hopefully, produce growth within the EU over the coming years.
‒ Whilst appreciating and supporting the positive aspects of the report on the review of the economic governance framework, I have serious concerns and express my reservations with some of the articles of the report, such as the proposal for the creation of a fourth pillar on taxation and taxation union, including changing the powers to raise revenues, which are an exclusive national competence based on the EU Treaties.
The capital markets union will be one of those failures once again.
In south-west England, which I represent, we are beginning to see the growth of local investment, particularly in community renewables projects.
we will seek to free up bank balance sheets by reviving the EU market for securitisation through the identification of simple, transparent and standardised securitisations.
The last point I would like to make is that we have to take a good look at how regulators are functioning.
As we are discussing the circular economy here, China is at the same time constructing artificial islands in the South China Sea.
But while Europe is the most resource-dependent of all regions, we can benefit from resource scarcity or be hit hardest by it.
We need to reinvigorate the declining EU economy with a new competitive approach.
We are looking closely into this matter.
even though we, as ALDE, would have preferred to go even further, we know that you were working hard to get the different sides together.
This allows us, together, to make the best possible allocation of our scarce resources and to manage payments in the future, so that the drama we had in 2014 will not be repeated.
One is of particular importance for us in the AFCO committee.
In that context, we should listen to CEDEFOP who propose that adapting curricula and including environmental awareness with an understanding of sustainable development and business efficiency is better than proposing new training programmes.
The new jobs created in the green economy should be decent, secure and well paid.
As regards the small business sector, we have figures showing that 93% of small businesses have tried to take some small step towards resource efficiency.
Finally, I believe that a key highlight of Latvia’s presidency, in view of the country’s position, was the Eastern Partnership summit in May, where the EU met with its Eastern counterparts.
Let him come now.
Liberalisation of the audiovisual sector is excluded from the mandate, as you know.
There was a hearing in the Committee on International Trade (INTA).
That is a good thing.
However, his exploitation of the rules to delay the vote on the amendments in last month’s plenary was not President Schulz’s finest hour, and I very much hope that this does not happen again.
On the contrary, I welcomed the implementation of incentives to create producer organisations: I think they are the appropriate tool to address imbalances in the supply chain.
implementing the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs);
Matt Carthy (GUE/NGL), in writing.
It is entirely unfeasible for the EU jobsworths to believe that one of my elderly residents in a rural village of Shropshire should have to change the way she uses the bus just to get to the shops.
This time it is ‘Ein Reich, Ein Volk, Ein Ticket!’.
This is about human dignity.
Victor Boştinaru (S&D).
That said, Tunisia is a country in a particularly unstable region where our potential value added is commensurate with the size of the country and the crucial period of change the country is going through.
my condolences go to all their families and friends.
It would provide an enabling platform for constructive dialogue and for enhancing cooperation.
Mr President, I am grateful for the opportunity to discuss, on behalf of Federica Mogherini, the situation in Yemen with you today.
The poor people of Yemen have suffered structurally from a lack of inclusive democratic governments, and the tensions and violence that that have resulted, for the past decades.
At the same time, the talks with Iran give us hope that a more cooperative order in the region is indeed possible, and therefore once again I think it is justified that our High Representative is there and participating very actively in these discussions.
One can disagree about the content, but the fact that she has to raise her voice is, I think, clear and should not be challenged in any way.
We say we want more people-to-people contact, more public diplomacy and more civil society dialogue.
I am pleased that you are here, because this is the first time that we have in fact discussed this with you in the European Parliament.
As someone who takes a great deal of interest in the Western Balkans – as the rapporteur for Montenegro – I have followed events closely as the shadow for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
‒ In general, I fully support the Report on the Guidelines for the employment policies of the Member States, which underpins the Europe 2020 strategy within the context of the new approach to economic policy and supporting the achievement of smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
I did not want to support a text that is not crystal clear.
It is a vote on the Parliament’s recommendations to the negotiators.
After many weeks of delays due to divisions within the Socialist Group the EP adopted the text calling for ambitious negotiations to continue.
Moreover, I deeply regret the misinformation campaign against TTIP.
I am disappointed that some parliamentary groups banded together to weaken important elements of the report, such as the commitment to creating quality, secure jobs.
Siôn Simon (S&D), in writing.
Therese Comodini Cachia (PPE), in writing.
‒ I voted in favour of this report since I am in favour of strengthening developing countries’ capacity to deal with challenges, including in the field of taxation.
Broadly, I welcome elements of this report as it recognises the link between making better use of resources and minimising waste if we are to move to a more circular economy.
A circular economy in this sense should be a major medium- to long-term sustainability target for all the Member States and the Commission, in all available areas.
Moving towards a circular economy is essential to deliver on the EU’s resource efficiency agenda, which can also bring major economic benefits to Europe.
This is unsustainable.
The Report mainly calls for a change in legal basis, thus fully involves the Parliament as co-legislator and strengthens the role of the Commission in the implementation stage of the legislation
David Martin (S&D), in writing.
The ENP should become tailor made, with conditionality regarding the appliance of fundamental values and concrete progress, and on the other hand the ENP should be financially strong enough to influence the course of our neighbourhood.
A very significant number of citizens contacted me on this issue, and they were very concerned about it.
For this reason, public ‘country-by-country’ reporting for major international companies would represent an important step forward.
3.  it interferes with the free market;
‒ The EU carbon market must be a fair system which does not disproportionately affect some Member States.
The surplus is an obstacle to a balanced carbon market functioning undermining thus investment in low carbon technologies.
Mr President, this report is not perfect, but the principle is vital.
Let me also nevertheless remember all the women who have become victims of war rape, also in the Balkans, and whose grief is still not recognised all over the country.
We have also upheld the original seal ban and the EU’s commitment to strong animal welfare legislation from the original ban a few years ago.
And this is the basis upon which we work.
Instead, we, through our EU policy, should train and equip journalists, human rights defenders and others facing repression and violations with the knowledge and the tools to protect themselves and their communications.
If the EU legislator or the Member States has specified a conditional requirement to be respected before aid can be paid, then there needs to be a check that this condition or requirement has been met.
We are also looking at promoting innovation in both emerging and more traditional maritime sectors.
Such results would not have been thinkable only a few months ago.
Firstly, that cohesion policy has an incontestable role as the principal policy for reducing disparities.
Also, in many cases, there was very little emphasis given to ensuring that local populations in third countries gained long-term benefit from the exploitation of their resources.
This is an area where the Commission will remain very active.
Faster progress is possible.
Measures that are motivated essentially by ethical concerns can be proposed only under Article 352 of the Treaty – the flexibility clause.
In the Committee on International Trade we reviewed this proposal to ensure that it was absolutely compatible with WTO rules.
Rather, a move to a more sustainable approach to the entire food chain would benefit the customer, the farmer and the environment – a sustainable future, yes;
In this respect I looked with great interest at the European Parliament delegation visit to Minsk last June – the first such visit since 2002, as far as I know – and noted that the Members of this Parliament came back with a mixed and yet rather positive message tending in the same direction: the call for keeping communication channels open, resuming dialogue and working closely together.
Similarly, we have a difficult but essential job to engage Iran in the fight against ISIS and in resolving the conflicts within the region, thus dealing with the causes of today’s migrant crisis, not just its symptoms.
This does not wipe out all the things that keep us far apart from one another, but if we manage to find some common ground on some regional crisis or some global issues, such as non-proliferation where we managed to act together with a view to achieving results that are very much in line with our European agenda, then I think this is positive and we should encourage it.
That is true.
I do not intend to do so today.
My compliments go to you, High Representative, your predecessors Javier Solana and Catherine Ashton, and your teams.
We support social innovation that helps protect our societies.
The numbers are impressive.
I call for a European diplomatic offensive to address the crises in Syria and Libya.
Je crois que nous avons diminué au nombre de trois les recommandations par pays que nous avons proposées au Conseil.
I want this to be understood very clearly in Moscow.
The Baltics, Poland and others – mainly Poland and the Baltics – are very important members of the European Union and they should not think that we would not be there if in any way their security and their borders were in danger.
I also believe that Germany and Sweden’s position is particularly irresponsible.
I count on you and I thank you very much for the support you have provided thus far.
We have to insist on that in all such cases.
Therefore, adaptation to the adverse impacts of climate change is necessary for all countries to minimise negative effects and to make full use of the opportunities for climate resilient growth and sustainable development.
Mr President, I am very happy to be here this evening with the President of the Council of Agriculture Ministers, Fernand Etgen, and to outline the Commission’s response to the difficulties currently facing European farmers.
In addition to the continuing impact of that ban, we also have weakening demand in a number of key existing and prospective markets, notably China;
The time to act is now.
We need action: we do not need any more ‘blah, blah, blah’.
(in response to interjections: Colleagues, I am trying to keep order on a very lengthy and important debate) …
I hope that the Commission will give a swift response to that offer.
Madam President, on behalf of the Commission, I would like to thank Parliament for supporting the proposal to amend the Common Provisions Regulation as regards specific measures for Greece.
I am pleased that the EU Commissioner, Commissioner Crețu, seems open to that idea in the future.
Seán Kelly (PPE).
Combining those targets with feeding a growing population is going to be a challenge, but, by working with local authorities, we may have a better chance than through governments.
I would like to know, too, if the Commission is willing to take measures with regard to unfair clauses in Spanish mortgage law, in particular with regard to unfair commercial practices and the incorrect behaviour of the banks that provided all these people with the loans in question.
This communication identified options for an ambitious modernisation of the system.
I think it is so clear that we could wonder why it did not happen until now.
It is very simple.
This would include a range of measures funded from the European Union’s Programme Budget for Libya as well as the Instrument contributing to Stability and Peace (IcSP).
However, we are at a point where I do not believe that we can fundamentally trust the state always to get it right and to have that power of life or death, which cannot be undone.
These are the words pronounced by Pope Francis in front of the US Congress recently.
In conclusion, let me take the opportunity again to thank Parliament for the excellent technical cooperation that has characterised this dossier throughout the various steps of the adoption procedure.
There are forces around us, however, for whom the wave of refugees is just dirty business or a political bargaining chip.
And by extremes I mean both, on the one hand, anti-immigration rhetoric and, on the other, inviting everyone who wishes to come, despite being unable to take them under our roof.
Tamás Meszerics (Verts/ALE).
So it is time to rebuild our self-confidence and our mutual confidence in our ability to deal with this most pressing humanitarian issue effectively, and together
But do you not think, President Hollande and Chancellor Merkel, that it is at least a part of the problem that one or two countries decide for the rest?
Only a loose confederation of nation-states?
(As Putin already finances some right-wing parties in Europe, maybe that is the normal turn of events.)
It is therefore important to judge the measures not just in isolation but also as part of the comprehensive package.
So I hope that we can put these proposals as high up on our priority list as we put the EFSI a few months ago.
An assessment of this option has been carried out with a high level of participation by stakeholders.
Claude Turmes, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
Christos Stylianides, Member of the Commission, on behalf of the Vice—President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
MSF are there when almost everybody else has pulled out.
We have a responsibility to ensure that this type of tragedy does not happen again.
We need to engage Russia and Iran to find a solution urgently.
We keep on receiving complaints from citizens against alleged discriminatory practices, through various channels.
Thank you for your comments.
Was it because we did not have enough responsibility?
This foolish project would most certainly have negative repercussions on Europe’s security of supply and on the energy union as a whole.
I want to use the opportunity of this discussion today to assure you that my objective remains a renewed and robust arrangement for transatlantic data flows, taking into account the requirements set out by our highest court.
Demining along both sides of the line of contact has started.
I have good feelings from Ukraine and every time we speak of the reforms in Ukraine we must realise how difficult the conditions are under which the Ukrainian authorities are working for these reforms.
In today’s Western Europe, anti-Jewish hate crime, be it violence or hate speech, is usually perpetrated by Muslims, not by neo-Nazis.
Pierre Moscovici, Member of the Commission.
I have every hope that the promised reform of the ECI will make it a genuinely effective instrument.
The Commission is responsible for applying the rules in the Treaty, and the rules in the Treaty say that the European Citizens’ Initiative is an instrument to involve citizens in dialogue.
We would be amiss if we did not apply the rules simply because it would be nice to let people take initiatives.
Domestic resource mobilisation will not fill the gap soon.
Now, when discussing the crisis, the two sides in Israel are only numbering the deaths and wounded people in their camps.
The last time we met here in this chamber to discuss our common work on the Middle East Peace Process and Israel and Palestine was only six weeks ago.
Geoffrey Van Orden (ECR), blue-card answer.
How come that a democratically—elected government gets nothing but criticism and an authority with a president who was officially chosen until 2009 and still is in function gets all kind of support?
Sexual violence against women and children has reached shocking levels and these crimes go against the commitments made by all parties in South Sudan: commitments to protect its citizens and put an end to the human rights violations.
Why do we have to repeat the same patterns in different parts of the world?
To those who consider that we lack ambition with this report, I would say that sometimes in our work, and you all experience this, we want to bring more people on board for the ideas we consider important for European citizens – then, of course, our level of ambition falls to that of the common ambition.
We must remember that the internet was created to be an open platform for innovation and communication.
It will ensure that all internet traffic is treated equally, with some reasonable exceptions to overcome congestion.
This vote will mean that people no longer need to be afraid of facing huge bills just for keeping in touch with their family and their friends.
We need to restore effective external border control to start managing the situation on our borders.
Our children will face a whole new set of challenges, so now it is our turn;
We have set out our vision and the concrete measures necessary in various areas: investment plan, digital single market, energy union, European Agenda on Security, European Agenda on Migration, capital markets union, action plan for fair and efficient corporate taxation, new trade strategy, deepened and strengthened economic and monetary union.
There is a whole lot more that can be said about the process, but I would like to see more emphasis on the process, because the final outcome is a matter of political choice, political preference.
This is just to explain to everyone where I am sitting/standing.
The Commission refers to the Framework Financial Regulation for agencies, which limits the possibility for agencies to receive funding through ad hoc grants or delegation agreements to exceptional cases, in line with the principle of transparency and sound financial management.’
Moreover, the negotiations of the Network and Information Securities Directive, which aims to increase Member States’ capacity to react to cyber threats in a coordinated manner while imposing security requirements on critical infrastructure providers, should be completed by the end of this year.
I cannot bestow the label of hero upon a person who has endangered the lives of so many citizens across the world and those individuals serving overseas who risk their lives, day in and day out, to protect ours.
We are risking coming back as if somehow employment is the be—all and end—all.
In the lead-up to this European Semester, which will start with the annual growth survey next month, we have been consulting social partners, both trade unions and business representatives, on the priorities for the year ahead.
On some of the issues which have been raised during this debate: firstly, environmental measures or environmental policy-related measures in the European Semester bring us to the next debate on the Europe 2020 Strategy.
I would like to express my thanks to all the shadow rapporteurs who have participated in this difficult negotiation process.
Much of what he said makes sense: the difficulties with qualifications, skills, older people getting a job and the need for lifelong learning.
To be honest, I think that we missed the opportunity, and I will tell you why.
On the other hand, EU livestock protein producers are extremely dependent on imports of protein crops, which are mostly genetically modified soya.
I just want to say that I was in here at 8.25, before any of you arrived.
and – here is the vital point – a principle that every contributing sector must play its part in reducing harmful emissions.
To the extent that the vista ahead is any less bleak, the prime cause is not a sound basis for long-term progress;
It is also counterproductive, since it further limits the flexibility of the regions and peripheral countries which most need it.
Therefore, we agree and share Parliament’s desire to implement SESAR as quickly as possible.
We need to address them – you appreciate that, I know – to improve competitiveness of European airlines.
Regarding working conditions, in a competitive air transport market, pressure to reduce operational costs is high, which can have an impact on social matters.
We have taken decisions recently to create two trust funds.
To date, we have received pledges from nine Member States to contribute to the fund.
Speaking of enforcement, I have in mind especially enforcement at the level of the activity of police and procurement, because we are speaking here about criminal activity, which must be punished but also published, and which must be responded to from the side of society.
Given Burma’s recent history, this is remarkable.
Treating a single fall injury would cost more than specialised physiotherapy for a dozen patients for a year.
Why will these faceless bureaucracies not pay for the treatment their people are using?
Doru-Claudian Frunzulică (S&D).
We need to move ahead.
The WTO needs to continue the work on unresolved issues.
The proposed provisions support the structural reform of the World Trade Organization.
Then, during the whole translation and legal procedure, there will be plenty of time for discussion, and the Commission is ready to enter into that dialogue with you.
In conclusion, these many challenges cannot be solved through trade alone.
It also takes into account the differences in economic development that obviously exist between the EU and Ecuador by allowing Ecuador longer periods for dismantling tariffs and making some specific adjustments that it has requested.
It was then watered down by establishing only the Commission on Sustainable Development under the ECOSOC.
Mr President, last week saw a significant agreement made by the two largest political parties in the North of Ireland and with the Irish and British Governments.
For centuries Christians have lived, worked and prayed in the Middle East.
It has had a good start, and it is vitally important to this European Union and to the people of Europe that it does succeed.
We have retained in this tight budget EUR 2.3 billion in commitments and EUR 1.9 billion in payments.
It has focused specifically on one of the root causes of the problem, and this is where the solution should come from as well.
Well, surely one of the main reasons for high energy prices is vast subsidies to renewables and not allowing a free market in energy when – certainly in Britain – we have massive amounts of coal that could be dug up and used.
But for today, I really would just like to thank everyone for their contributions to this debate, and particularly Mr Langen and the shadow rapporteurs for all their hard work over three and a half years.
The European Parliament and in particular the Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality (FEMM) has organised a series of activities for tomorrow, in cooperation with the Commission and the Council of Europe.
At the same time, we need to work to strengthen and implement the legal channels we have already agreed on.
If we disinvested from the continent’s future, we would be hurting our own future.
The military will continue to occupy 25% of parliamentary seats, and, regardless of who forms the next government, three key ministers will come from the army.
Last but not least, the EU and Myanmar are currently negotiating an investment protection agreement, and the EU is also part of a labour rights initiative, together with other partners.
Our official results show that people frequently supported a symbol of the peaceful fight for democracy, namely the Nobel Peace Prize winner and Sakharov Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi.
The EU has also expressed appreciation for Georgia’s contribution to EU-led crisis management operations and missions in the Central African Republic and Mali, and to the EU Advisory Mission in Ukraine.
Anna Elżbieta Fotyga, on behalf of the ECR Group.
But the government there also has to realise that, first and foremost, these reforms are in its own interest, and it must not be seduced into turning its back on the EU in favour of those masquerading as its allies.
But things started to go wrong – totally wrong – day after day, with the unprecedented banking scandal with no full investigation until now and the clear evidence of corruption throughout all political segments and layers with, I am afraid, no visible efforts made to fight it.
There is one issue, however, which I am concerned about, and that is what happens when children get to the age of 16, 17 or 18 and want to go on to higher education.
Informal education is also the necessary first stage for the integration into formal education of a child, or even an adult, who has been out of school for a very long time.
Thank you so much again for your collaboration.
I agreed with the Commissioner when he said that we need both informal and formal education.
Mr President, I think I am the only Irish speaker here today and that is unfortunate in some respects, because if there is one thing that Paris showed us, it is that there is no single country, no single city, no football stadium, no restaurant, no individual in the Western world which is not now a target for the terrorists of ISIS.
You speak about tackling the root causes of terrorism.
We need simplification because debt is amplifying the risk of error, but we also need to be transparent so that we can then say what we are achieving with the funds we are investing.
There was also the attack on Father Parolari last week.
As I have said, your work on this matter could not have come at a more timely moment.
With Parliament’s support, the Commission will concentrate efforts in the area where EU action can bring added value but with full respect for the subsidiarity principle.
I believe that many of the market forces are active on the side of mitigation of climate change, but there is much less attention to adaptation.
Alfred Sant (S&D), in writing.
Yesterday, the Committee received the High Representative/Vice-President of the Commission, Mrs Mogherini, who again stressed the link between development and security.
Listening to your speech, I note that you are interested in closer cooperation but you still have great reservations about the Turkish Government.
On Sunday there was consensus among leaders that the EU is committed to providing an initial EUR 3 billion of additional resources.
The Commission will prepare a framework for such a voluntary scheme by 15 December.
We have to cooperate with Turkey.
Terrorist attacks leave behind individuals who have been injured, traumatised or lost their lives as a result of the attack.
We have got to rise to this policy challenge now.
The EU strongly opposes any attempt to assert territorial or maritime claims through the use of intimidation, coercion, force or any unilateral action which could cause further friction.
Under our proposals, national border guards will remain the key actors in managing their section of the borders and in the day-to-day work.
Our wider climate diplomacy efforts will not stop.
So let us make a good impact assessment, let us implement better legislation and let us go to that stock-taking exercise with the necessary ambition.
We spent a whole year discussing them.
What do they think when they hear that there are demands of social dialogues and labour standards, medical policies and climate change?
I welcome that this has clearly been stated in the report.
If police forces are not able to control the situation, make the army step in to ensure security in Calais just as they do in the rest of France.
Jussi Halla-aho (ECR).
I think that it is shocking to the point that I personally think that Mr Tusk should be asked to publicly apologise for this.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 162(8))
Let me specify one of them: Annex No 7.
Madam President, my colleagues have already ably and wisely listed the political lessons and constitutional complications emerging from a peace accord which, at the time of its making, was both necessary and reasonable but which became dysfunctional over time.
Madam President, the Dayton Agreement ended the bloodiest armed conflict in post—war Europe.
As the EU continues to focus attention on other regional and global priorities and foreign policy, the challenge for Bosnia remains of striking a balance between the need to promote ongoing reform processes to prepare Bosnia and Herzegovina for application for EU accession, and the capacity to quickly respond to challenges, particularly the one from Republika Srpska to Bosnia’s territorial integrity without the military presence of the EU’s EUFOR Althea, during a period of accelerating EU challenges in other theatres well away from the Western Balkans.
The Partnership and Cooperation Agreement, together with the Free Trade Agreement concluded two weeks ago, will allow us to go even further.
I hope he fares better than last time.
We have to act.
Ce n'est pas en se repliant sur soi que l'Europe pourra répondre aux attentes des Européens, qui veulent pouvoir créer une entreprise, trouver les financements y afférents, avoir à leur disposition des marchés ouverts, des systèmes de communication et de transport performants, des approvisionnements énergétiques sûrs et des facteurs énergétiques bon marché.
So when Schengen states talk of re-erecting borders, we finally focus on strengthening the EU’s external borders with talk about a European border guard.
there is no excuse for not doing so.
We are not dogmatic about them.
If we allow this sort of practice to continue, then we threaten food production, food security, plant innovation and biotechnology and essentially give further power to multinationals over our food supply.
Our wish is to avoid creating long-standing legal uncertainty for the biotech sector when revising or recasting the Biotech Directive.
Christos Stylianides, Member of the Commission.
Christos Stylianides, Member of the Commission.
But against this background, the European Union is concerned about some of the developments that have taken place in this country since 2014, developments which have affected freedom of expression and the rule of law.
The European Parliament has repeatedly called for the conclusion of this negotiation, which started in 2011.
We have to address these things in our relations with Malaysia.
Secondly, I would like to focus on the position of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection (IMCO) and mention three points from our report, which the rapporteur took on board.
Yes, it is true that the Commission largely shares the interest of Parliament in preserving ancient traditional fishing methods.
Jonathan Hill, Member of the Commission.
To reduce youth unemployment, several actions should be taken.
Third, young people’s employability can be further improved by adopting new teaching and training methods.
This is why our work and Eamon Gilmore’s mandate is focused very much on the implementation phase and how we can support it with all the different means that we have.
I believe the civil society inside Syria will play a major role in the implementation and monitoring of confidence-building measures, for example local ceasefires, and so the civil society in its different parts and ways needs to be brought into the discussion as early as possible, and all minorities and religious groups should have a say.
Concerning the reference to infringements in the same recital, the Commission considers this misleading as infringements proceeding are discussed with Member States in the context of the procedures set out under article 258 TFEU.”
This is one of the most challenging files that Parliament has seen, and in the most challenging of times.
The report also calls for us to ensure that we prevent censorship and that we prevent compromising our freedom of speech on the internet by limiting the liability of service providers.
We have to give legal access to digital content to our people, and that is why we have made the portability proposal.
I hope that in March we will be able to make our first proposal about industries.
a behavioural-economic, long-term catastrophe, especially for the UK.
Therefore, I voted against those amendments that call for a Consolidated Common Corporate Tax, otherwise, I voted in favour of this EP report.
‒ I voted in favour of the report because I am convinced by the growing importance of the need for intercultural dialogue, especially in the light of dramatic events such as the refugee crisis and the terrorist attacks in Paris.
Therefore I am most concerned by calls for further EU involvement in our education system.
It also focused on gender ideology and LGBTI rights, rather than rights and responsibilities for all European citizens.
‒ I voted in favour of this report on intercultural dialogue, cultural diversity and education.
I believe it is particularly important, at this time, that the Commission undertakes a cumulative impact assessment of all measures implemented in the wake of the financial crisis.
‒ I voted against this report because it calls for greater financial resources to be used to spread information on European financing instruments.
I have voted for this report that will not only improve citizens’ access to information, but will also maximise the growth potential of the digital economy and will improve governance and transparency in the EU and its Member States, within a single market.
To give you an idea of how big the sea change has been.
But then, that will mean that we cannot lean back.
There are reports, but if your government has got such evidence, why does it not go public about it?
It should stimulate Kosovo’s progress in the area of transport and energy as it foresees the gradual integration into Europe’s energy markets and the development of quality infrastructure.
The European Union continues to contribute to humanitarian aid, and let me say I count very much on this Parliament’s support for our action to be strengthened this year.
This is the same question as my colleagues have asked.
Federica Mogherini, vice-présidente de la Commission.
Mr President, after hearing what has been said I can only regret that the report I prepared in 2012 was four years too early.
At the same time – rightly or wrongly – the irritation people feel about rules made in ‘Brussels’ is never far away, and I believe there is only one way to counteract this: we need to achieve concrete results and make sure they are visible, and we need to stick to areas where the EU can achieve more than Member States can by themselves.
So my group will judge your Presidency not on the quantity but the quality of legislation that we see passed in the next six months.
We understand that they are now considering an appeal to the court’s decision;
After being cleared of all charges in 2014, an appeal was lodged against that decision.
The situation calls for urgent systematic and structural changes in North Korea.
We have drastically accelerated its delivery with the political agreement on the EU PNR, the proposal for a directive on terrorism, the November firearms package, the action plan on firearms trafficking, the EUROPOL Regulation adopted in December, the reinforced RAN Centre of Excellence to counter radicalisation, the launch of the EU internet forum to counter harmful content online and, just this week, the proposal to exchange the criminal records of non-EU nationals.
The victims of terrorism have been forgotten about time and time again.
We had a conference 10 days ago in the Netherlands which was based on the anti-ISIS coalition and the global coalition against terrorist fighters.
At the same time, Australia and New Zealand hold equal ambitions for opening new trading markets at bilateral level, offering the EU the chance to strengthen Asia—Pacific relations.
That is why we should promote the role of petitions in the work of the European Parliament.
Public services such as education, health, water supplies and audio-visual services are excluded.
it is a proposal or a draft for one country.
David Martin, on behalf of the S&D Group.
Madam President, I wish to thank Parliament for this debate.
Moreover, granting the status could result in the loss of more than 200 000 jobs, which will affect the steel industry in particular.
Here I would like to stress that the fitness check is an opportunity to consider how we can better ensure that the nature directives, which are key instruments in achieving our biodiversity goals, are both effective and efficient.
The ECB has acted to address the risk of too prolonged a period of very low inflation, and it will continue to play a key role in the overall policy-setting of the euro area.
These are not migrants;
Julie Ward (S&D).
I am referring in particular to the mediation efforts in the Women on Boards Directive negotiations with the Council and to the fact that she is trying by all means to relaunch the maternity leave file by proposing a roadmap towards a broader approach to a work and private life balance.
As the Commissioner began her initial intervention this morning, she highlighted the particular severity of the complex problem of undeclared work and the corresponding need for clear talking and for very definite and unequivocal conclusions, and she stated further intentions for action.
So what can we do to fix a broken system?
Neena Gill (S&D).
And yet we have seen far worse and we have prevailed.
I cannot say thank you to you all, but there are two people I would like to single out:  Edouard Ferrand, an outstanding politician, and Marine Le Pen, magnificent Marine.
The world is our oyster, but inside the European Union, Britain’s future is as a clam.
This means that Serbia should support Kosovo’s bids to join the United Nations or to join organisations like FIFA or UEFA or others and not block them, because that is being part of a cooperative international community.
More focus is needed on delivery of results in the fight against organised crime and corruption.
It has sometimes gone in cycles up and down, but I can tell you that the European Union will continue to assist Kosovo, including through its strength and presence on the ground.
The visa can help there, but at the same time I think Commissioner Hahn mentioned that combating corruption and organised crime, and the independence of the judiciary and the specialist chambers, are really important elements in this.
They provided an invaluable service to Haiti and to the EU through their vigorously independent and professional observation and analysis.
Therefore I find it important that we are putting forward these two issues: constitutionality and dialogue.
(Applause)
Indeed, just two months earlier there was the October Beer Festival, where hundreds of women reported sexual harassment.
So harassment of women is not a new phenomenon.
Citizens in the UK already benefit from our membership of the EU.
I do appreciate the special relationship that exists between Nigeria and the European Union.
they do not understand that it is all part of ‘cohesion’ and to make for easier European governance.
We are happy that we can share that together.
The debate is closed.
Mr President, the problem was that it was not clear what it was we were supposed to be voting on or not voting on.
I think he is still in doubt and he does not know at the moment what he is going to do, and I think that is a better answer to Mr Corbett’s question than saying that they should ask the Members themselves.
But I think there is every chance now that the momentum is on our side of the argument.
Martina Anderson (GUE/NGL).
You did not even reply.
So far my conclusion is: because they don’t bloody well care in here.
What I said was that, unless we get decent answers on this – because we were robbed: EUR 500 million on three occasions this year has been borrowed and burned because of this – what I am saying is that, if the Irish people do not get listened to here, they should take that into account, the ones that live in Britain – some of them who had to leave during this crisis, some of them in their 20s – a quarter of a million people from Ireland had to leave.
That is not patriotic;
We need simple, decisive action that goes to the root of the problem: public and private investment.
We are committed to bringing economic and social levels across Europe closer and closer to the best performers.
This is where EURES will aid in filling these vacancies.
Europeans are consuming more or less the same amount of oil as every year, but our production has decreased by almost 50% and the amount of oil that will eventually come into the EU from Tunisia is about 1.7%.
The European Parliament and the European Commission have to send a clear signal that normalisation of Kosovo’s relations with Serbia, and respect for minorities, is a precondition for Kosovo’s European integration.
The debate is closed.
James Nicholson (ECR).
When pig farmers are being destroyed throughout Europe, this Parliament did not see fit to put on that debate when we had the Commissioner and everybody here.
It is compatible with all forms of organisations, including private ports.
Madam President, first of all I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Jávor, on his very comprehensive work.
Let me start first with the role of prevention.
Madam President, I would first like to congratulate Ms Ward on her birthday – coincidentally, I share the same birthday as my mother as well.
It is therefore very fitting that on International Women’s Day we take a good hard look at how we do things here, at who makes the decisions and whether or not we can see ourselves reflected in the power structures.
Now, the role of the European Union.
People come to Greece and Italy because from there they have been able to travel unhindered to a handful of northern European welfare states.
The issue up for debate is one where we, as institutions, have come together and demonstrated our firm intent to strengthen our cooperation.
We are only at the start of our discussion within the Council on implementation, but the Presidency in particular intends to look at how the Council deals with impact assessments and how to take forward the overall ‘better regulation’ package presented by the European Commission.
We need to accelerate the positive changes of the previous decades, to create the kind of society where every boy and girl can thrive.
This was even before the UNHCR adopted gender guidelines.
As has been said, women’s rights are universal rights.
These safeguards would need to be set out legally and would need to govern any mechanism under which responsibility would be transferred for assessing an asylum claim.
These pathways include resettlement, humanitarian admission, private sponsorship and refugee—friendly family reunion, as well as student scholarships and labour mobility schemes.
The pledging conference organised by the UNHCR for 30 March will be the next opportunity.
It is for this reason that I have voted against the Parliament’s Port Services Reportk, and I will continue working with UK ports and unions to oppose this regulation.
MEPs should consider carefully how all policy measures can have impacts, both direct and indirect, impacts on women.
Julia Reid (EFDD), in writing.
Most of these women asylum seekers and refugees in the EU face an exceptionally challenging situation which needs to be highlighted.
UKIP voted against this non-legislative and non-binding report.
But the work to defend democracy is a much greater task.
Prime Minister, I am very honoured to welcome you in this Chamber, where you have just done exactly that.
Firstly, all political parties need to assume their responsibilities and ensure the full implementation of all their commitments in a sustainable manner.
This issue shall be addressed again after the parliamentary elections and, on that basis, the Council will refer to the matter.
As your draft resolution rightly points out, further progress in Montenegro’s accession negotiations continues to depend on progress in this area.
We are well aware that Montenegro currently is facing a difficult political situation and that this could hamper the reform efforts.
In this respect the European Parliament’s important contribution through its work in the stabilisation and association parliamentary committee is most welcome.
Mr President, last week Donald Tusk gave a very clear message to potential irregular migrants when he said: ‘do not come to Europe, do not believe smugglers’.
Will it be tied to clear targets that must be met?
However, we are still not aware of the implications and risk of transmission of the Zika virus.
Julie Girling, on behalf of the ECR Group.
Gunnar Hökmark (PPE), blue-card question.
The MiFID legislation will also play a role.
I hope that we will be able to make some more progress on the money market funds file in the Council where I think we have greater prospects of progress.
The extensive list of journalists harassed by the authorities is worrying.
Vladimir Kozlov;
Anti-Gypsyism, a specific form of racism closely related to deep-rooted negative stereotyping and stigmatisation of Roma, is on the rise.
The Commission considers, therefore, that it has not exceeded its implementing powers.
This is even more important in the current context of the ongoing refugee crisis and of serious threats to fundamental human rights and democracy due to the recent terrorist attacks.
Madam President, first of all allow me to welcome this own-initiative report on fisheries issues within the international agreement on the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea on the conservation and sustainable use of marine biodiversity in areas beyond national jurisdiction, better known as BBNJ.
I am happy to say that the report rightly focuses on this important development, which should bring international maritime law up to date with developments in the last 30 years.
So it is of enormous potential both in terms of tourism, energy creation, fishing and fish processing, and research and innovation, and I would urge the Commissioner, who I know is committed to this, to promote the blue economy and its very valuable potential for supporting the rural regions in our communities.
The fact that these schemes make it so easy for the rich to gain rights within the EU while others literally risk their lives to get here also sends a wrong message.
Our ambition should be to ensure that the EU becomes the most attractive and business—friendly region globally.
When I was looking at the last time this issue was discussed in plenary, I saw that it was in 2011, so I am really glad that this Parliament is addressing it for the first time in plenary.
There are issues where we see space for cooperation and mutual benefit.
So we do have a fundamental role as the European Union.
We have seen too many mistakes in the past, just because we did not consider the consequences of an action.
A regional approach is therefore required.
This will be a crucial element to increase acceptance in our societies.
Bill Etheridge (EFDD), blue-card question.
The emphasis on new markets and new financial instruments is welcome but brings no immediate relief.
I have prioritised a number of areas and countries to visit to identify and build on new market opportunities.
Yesterday, Vice-President Katainen told the Council of the opportunities offered by the European Fund for Strategic Investments (EFSI) in agriculture.
But what he can and must do is find ways to help the industry become more productive, more competitive and more sustainable.
They were jailed on the decision of a kangaroo court.
We need to make optimal use of the tools we already have.
The collection of data, such as fingerprints (already mentioned by others) at the borders within Europe, has been a disastrous example.
We cannot expect quick results in security if after each attack we proclaim our determination but then water down every good proposal on the table.
‒ The world is changing rapidly and so is the context in which the EU is situated.
I welcome the intention to mobilise additional EUR 10 million approved by the Member States for urgent research on the Zika virus in response to the upsurge in cases of severe congenital brain malformations across Latin America, and their suspected link to Zika virus infections (as seen in Brazil and French Polynesia).
David Casa (PPE), in writing.
While a temporary limited renewal was justified, above all, I voted for much stricter conditions that will prohibit or at least limit the use of glyphosate in the private sector and on public grounds.
Daciana Octavia Sârbu (S&D), in writing.
The renewal period of 15 years proposed by the Commission is certainly too long and while I understand that the substance cannot be completely banned due to the lack of alternatives, stricter limitations need to be applied until such alternatives are found.
Moreover, there are serious doubts as regards a possible mode of action in relation to the endocrine disrupting properties of glyphosate, and in the absence of proper scientific horizontal criteria an endocrine-mediated mode of action cannot be ruled out.
Moreover, the resolution misuses the precautionary principle, dismisses the existing regulatory framework for the sustainable use of pesticides and attempts to forge a link between glyphosate and potential endocrine disrupting properties despite both EFSA and the USEPA concluding that there is no evidence of such effect.
Kaja Kallas (ALDE).
So why are we not focusing on those known suspects?
Madam President, I have little to add.
Ninety-seven per cent of it is in Asia, and although like us it has a history that shares the glories of Greece, Rome and the Italian Renaissance, it is not part of European culture.
The EU urges that the peace process be relaunched as there is no military solution to the Kurdish question.
Those are not just my concerns.
Part of these measures included the SME supporting factor, which was intended to provide an incentive to banks to lend to SMEs as they would receive a slightly lower capital charge for this type of lending.
This is what has begun to happen.
Nigel Farage, on behalf of the EFDD Group.
We can be critical of different solutions, maybe because no solution will be perfect anyway.
I wholeheartedly acknowledge the fact that Turkey currently houses and provides for more than 2.5 million refugees and may require assistance.
Let us do it, but let us do it now.
I believe that, fundamentally, energy and water are essential resources which are necessary for the survival of any household in the European Union.
Fourthly, public-private partnerships must mobilise long-term – not short-term – private finance and hold the private sector accountable to public sector tendering processes, transparency and scrutiny.
We should have learned from the loan to Ford, which cost this country thousands of jobs, but clearly we just keep giving our money away.
In all of that, the EIB plays an increasingly active role.
I therefore ask you to vote in favour of Amendments 5, 6 and 7 in order to ensure that the resolution we will adopt tomorrow not only paints an accurate picture of the reality of projects in our missions in this region but also that it does not call into question the fundamental principles of this important fund.
At the 32nd International Conference of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement you referred to – as I said earlier this evening – the Union reiterated its commitment to advocate strongly and consistently respect for international humanitarian law.
To that end, dialogue and the sharing of best practices between stakeholders and the Member States should be reinforced, and appropriate legal training should be provided for social workers, judges and police officers.
More concretely we are considering measures on the following aspects.
The statement with Turkey of 18 March is a very ambitious one.
For example, this evening the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE) is going to have an extensive debate on this matter: therefore, the EPP Group would oppose the addition of this item at this time.
We have all of these things, and we can thank the EU and its cohesion policy for much of it, because the reasons why we cannot have these things is because our industry has been destroyed – we were the home of the industrial revolution – and we are subjected to mass, uncontrolled immigration into our area, which means we do not have the places for people to go into the schools or the houses or the hospitals.
Gazprom has been, and is still, the main tool of Russian foreign policy.
It would be hypocritical and contradictory on our part to condemn the war in Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea on one hand while on the other we further increase our own dependence on Russia in the field of energy.
The agreement with Liberia will bring fisheries revenues and support fishermen in a country which is still reeling from last year’s Ebola outbreak.
The Netherlands will also organise a meeting at the end of this month about multi-stakeholder participation, and yes, we consider it of the greatest importance to maintain the indivisible nature of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development with the Addis Ababa Action Agenda as an integral part of the 2030 Agenda.
On the external side: we are working on how best to adapt our external action and our development policy to fulfil the Agenda, contributing also to the commitments we have undertaken on climate change at COP 21 in Paris and aspects of our EU global strategy that we debated in this Hemicycle just last night.
The European Commission has to motorise the steps that are taken to achieve them but also to support the Member States all the way.
If an agreement is reached, and I am quite positive about that, the European Union could provide overall over EUR 1 billion in 2016 and 2017 for these initiatives, both in Jordan and Lebanon.
I hope that, when more resources become available, we will be able to put more money into the area, but we also need to look at our trade policy and other policies to see how we can help Jordan.
This also means that, for instance, the World Food Programme, which I met just a few weeks ago, is now financed until the end of the year, which is something that has never happened before.
They deserve a country that can guarantee them a normal life.
The violations of fundamental freedoms, including the April decision not to grant amnesty to political prisoners, remain highly alarming.
Demolition of a house or a humanitarian project has of course a very strong economic impact on those involved, and also on us, but this is not just about money and we know this very well: this is about the present for the people and the future of the political settlements.
The Quartet report will address these issues and will also include some substantial recommendations for the way forward, and I will be very glad to discuss the report with you in the coming weeks in one of the next part-sessions, because we know very well that what is key is working at the concrete perspective of the two states and how to put that in place in the near future.
This is not about free trade.
Chinese prices are not generally reliable, and they do not respond to market forces.
We cannot subject our companies to the oncoming onslaught of Chinese export without any means of defence, and we will not.
Please address it.
Many Member States, including my own, have already put in place successful structural reforms.
What are you going to say to them?
I can perhaps sympathise with the thinking behind the idea, but that some countries will be able to exonerate themselves from responsibility by payment is not, in my view, the best road towards effective solidarity.
Now in the Commission’s third report it is concluded that Turkey has achieved remarkable progress.
We heard from the Commission that the investment plan is going to reach all walks of life.
Once this regulation is applied in spring 2017, it will give us the right framework for this to happen, first of all, by making Europol an information hub for law enforcement in the Union.
When we started working on this directive, my home country, Sweden, had a system where graduate researchers, doctors, engineers and others who had received a PhD from outside Europe were given 14 days to basically leave the country once they had completed their studies or their research projects.
I’m confirming the need that victims are properly provided for, with healthcare, accommodation, material assistance and legal support.
Here we all have a role to play;
The EU has created the perfect environment for trafficking to flourish.
Thousands of people died on the way or in exile.
Our assessment has shown that platforms are innovative, have a positive impact on our economy, and increase competitiveness.
So there is still a lot to be done here.
It has declined year after year – and that’s your model?
We know those fears about mystery shopping surveys but, once again, 2% out of all the people who tried to buy goods or services from another Member State could not get access to those websites because their IP address was wrong, from the wrong country;
Here, once again, this Parliament has helped to deliver a European strategy that is comprehensive: saving lives at sea, providing humanitarian assistance, strengthening our borders, supporting the countries most under pressure, relocating and resettling people in need of international protection, returning irregular migrants to their home countries, and creating safe and legal routes for asylum-seekers from outside the European Union.
The real work starts now: modernising our economy and changing the way we produce and consume.
The Council also welcomes the agreement reached in the negotiations between the Commission and its United States counterparts.
We have to get rid of that.
But protectionism isn’t fair;
Jonathan Hill, Member of the Commission.
Their value fluctuates like any physical currency, and this works in a bubble which is unregulated and pretty much unregulatable.
Well it wants to do the same thing that it does with everything that it does not currently control – it wants to interfere and to regulate.
Madam President, I have a message for my London constituents: Do not believe the opinion polls in the EU referendum campaign.
Also, these measures still have to be implemented and implementation is under way, and of course time will tell whether those two packages are up to the task and to see whether or not we can level supply and demand.
I believe that the MMO is now playing a very important role in providing up-to-date, reliable information, on the basis of which, operators and other stakeholders can make important commercial decisions.
We need to respond to their questions.
So we will support the report and we thank the rapporteur for her efforts, but we do have some concerns in areas which we cannot support.
There is, however, a broader point at hand.
Mr President, I would like to commend the rapporteur for a lot of what she says about the New Alliance for Food Security and Nutrition.
It deals with a critical issue bearing on so many current concerns in our countries.
So if anyone is in any doubt that that is the direction of travel, all you need do is look at the amendments to this report.
But this success has come at a high environmental cost.
Effective integration also entails an understanding and subscribing to EU fundamental rights and values.
Refugees and migrants come to Europe with a diversity of skill-sets that can contribute to our economies.
The blatant failure of the Bangladesh international crimes tribunal to meet fair trial standards is fuelling more violence and extremism.
We are seeing far too many journalists going to jail.
I think it is important to say that.
We will of course promote this.
Other inquiries are still pending so there is a solid judicial framework.
We want and will be ambitious.
This is important because I believe that we need a system that energises growth, a tax system that is built for growth, ensuring that fair rules are respected and that the economy works for everybody.
To start with, the focus will be on improving border and migration management on the ground.
It is a no-go, and the Commission must realise that the EU-Turkey statement, or deal, or whatever status it has, is a dead end.
What we need to do is to open the door.
I am left scratching my head completely at this proposal.
It was a lot of people who were protesting for better lives, for human rights, for freedom of expression, for all those things that we are saying we are trying to stand for.
So it is no coincidence that Erdoğan yesterday signed a law that allows criminal charges to be brought against those 138 MPs whose immunity has been lifted in such an undemocratic way.
These challenges and difficulties are also confirmed by the draft regulation.
Let us think what we could do more and differently than we have done so far.
(The sitting was suspended for a few moments)
He said, and I quote, ‘civilised society should never allow any government, whatsoever its ideology or political creed, to derogate from universal human rights and isolate its people behind an iron curtain on the pretext of non-interference into the nation’s internal affairs’.
The Lisbon Treaty was very important in that regard – the Lisbon Treaty that took probably 10 years to negotiate and, of course, in my own country, took two referendums to pass.
Freedom of expression and peaceful assembly are the cornerstones of any democratic society.
therefore, I believe that we should treat the real root causes behind radicalisation, namely marginalisation, discrimination and inequality.
Iranian banks have been cut off from the international financial system for the same period of time.
It is not the European Commission that can direct the Member States in those fields.
I speak to you today in the name of a nation that abhors war and desires life and peace.
There is a case in Spain where we have an enormous amount of renewable energy that is not passing over the border of France.
But who will make it happen?
We need clear rules, we need stability and, in this respect, I would like to emphasise something that maybe has not been emphasised that much so far.
So once again, our thanks to this Parliament for the recognition you have given our country.
There is no longer a record of them in our civil registers.
And we need somebody to arbitrate here, we think, in this particular situation.
Following this result, which we respect, there is deep, deep regret but there is also a strong resolve to show unity in our response.
I am glad to see that the Commission has ensured values are at the heart of the EU’s trade strategy.
Sustainable development in trade policy is an area where Parliament and the Commission clearly share an interest and a strong engagement.
To do this, we must work together.
But, while this modern-day slavery is rooted in injustice, inequality and exploitation, the environment within which it resides is fluid, ever changing and adapting to survive.
In the last few months we have approved many measures, such as exchange of tax rulings, country—by—country reporting and the Anti—Tax Avoidance Directive, and we will have others: the Anti-Money Laundering Directive, automatic exchange of information, and so on.
In the future we also want to involve our JTIs in that process to explore more synergies based on the excellent work that has already been undertaking by the Clean Sky, that maximise the impact of their projects through tailor-made synergies with regional interests in aeronautics.
Education and vocational training will play a key role and we will do our utmost to support the Commission in coming up with this new concept.
But it was all lost.
You have your own work to do to adjust and to go forward, but this was not just a wake—up call for the UK.
Some in Brussels draw different conclusions and, instead of wanting to get on with a friendly relationship with the UK, foster hope that maybe a part of the United Kingdom can remain in the EU, rolling out the red carpet for the First Minister of Scotland.
77% of European citizens want more European action in the fight against unemployment;
That is what is at stake.
Now we need to do the best thing and that is to avoid divisive conflicts.
From the Women’s Rights Committee’s perspective, I also welcome that there is specific reference in this document to the need to recognise gender and the importance of gender budgeting in the work of the MFF and the revision and review processes, because it is clear that without measurement we cannot determine the outcomes.
How can you plan for Brexit until negotiations begin and until Article 50 is triggered?
Sandra Kalniete, on behalf of the PPE Group.
What is going on in China now is comparable to the Holocaust in Nazi Germany in its enormity and horror.
Since the year 2000, an estimated 1 million to 1.5 million have been killed for their organs in enforced organ harvesting.
Finally, I agree with you that we have to speak with one voice.
We have to be consistent and coherent.
The new capital flows that the Basel Committee recommends will not fit all European banking systems.
That is the kind of reform that my Group will continue to champion.
Do away with all the issues that we should not be focusing on, and let us take on the big issues, the ones where there is added European value.
What you say here, honourable Members, and then your resolution, will help us shape the letter of intent which will be sent to you on 14 September in parallel with the President’s State of the Union address.
On migration and the refugee crisis, we want to work to help the most vulnerable, but also ensure that national governments have a final say.
I have listened very carefully and we have noted every single comment.
This is by far the best possible approach.
Mr President, I would like to thank the rapporteur, Ms Stevens, for her report on the implementation of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
The Commission has made over EUR 1.5 million available in support.
Article 4 is very clear in this regard;
Access to justice is not just about fair legislation: it is about legal procedures which must be adjusted to the needs of persons with disabilities, inter alia through EU judicial training programmes.
This gives us a special responsibility and a special role to play that includes many different issues.
The communication will be a key instrument for us to engage our institutions – European institutions and Member States – in the support to the Tunisian transition.
It offers no accountability, but blatant amnesty, for the many economic crimes committed against the Tunisian people, and its state.
2. Could the Commission elaborate on how any civil society involvement would be financed?
We also propose to include new shark and ray species in CITES Appendix II.
Finally, two issues were raised which are part of our Presidency’s responsibility.
We all know that enforcement for now is the key problem to be urgently solved.
It is a good summary of our six months’ work in the EMIS Committee of Inquiry.
Kathleen Van Brempt, on behalf of the S&D Group.
Mairead McGuinness (PPE), in writing.
For this purpose, a review of the strategies after 2017 seems mandatory in order to boost the efficiency and effectiveness of them, taking also into account the lessons learned from the initial years of their implementation.
Victor Negrescu (S&D), in writing.
GUE/NGL’s position in favour of a focus on public support for developing renewable energy, access to the grid, the right to self-generation, decentralised solutions, and energy efficiency measures, etc. have been largely ignored.
‒ Heating and cooling is the largest energy sector especially in homes around the European Union.
However, many of the local authorities are still lacking the administrative capacity to properly participate in the OPs.
Julia Reid (EFDD), in writing.
I hope to preserve ETC post-2020 by increasing its funds because of its important role and positive impact on the European integration project.
The report calls on the Commission and the Member States to consider preserving ETC as an important instrument.
‒ I voted in favour of the Interim report on the inquiry into emission measurements in the automotive sector.
This is why I have voted in favour of this report, which will be a stepping stone into the second half of the inquiry committee’s mandate.
It should also be highlighted that the European Union is not leading any kind of witch hunt against American corporations.
That is why we need clarity, and the European Court of Justice (ECJ) is the only institution to provide that clarity.
We will not forget or let go of this priority.
it’s absolutely needed.
This is, of course, one of the most important initiatives on the Commission’s work programme of this year and will directly contribute to our promise to deliver on jobs, growth and fairness.
I would urge you very much to welcome this report with me.
But would he agree with me that we really must ensure a common UK approach within this, which must respect and represent the interests of London, Gibraltar, Scotland and Northern Ireland, and also that the timescale on this must give us the flexibility to work out the plurality of views within the UK in order to reach some sort of common position to present to our European friends?
That it is his problem.
I know from conversations with colleagues from across the political Groups that this is not an isolated case.
I trust the proposal will be adopted soon by the Council.
There is a concentration of applications in the manufacturing, automotive construction and aviation sectors.
The average share of beneficiaries aged 55 or more was three times that of beneficiaries aged 15 to 24.
On the death penalty also, it is disturbing that Somalia has ended the de facto moratorium.
Economic reforms alone, however, are unlikely to be sufficient in achieving full re-engagement.
I look forward to continuing our strong and fruitful cooperation as we go forward.
Wherever Syrian refugee children are, we have to support them and their parents.
We will promote programming coordination with other donors, who can focus on nutrition-specific interventions, thus complementing the Commission’s focus on nutrition-sensitive issues.
The plundering of these fish stocks has led to serious protein deficiencies within these communities.
EUR 5.1 million in relation to the sanitation and humanitarian reception conditions to care for the irregular migrants present in Calais, and with EUR 1.68 million emergency assistance under ISF—Borders for strengthening security efforts and checks at the Channel Tunnel.
Even by the standards of the EU, this is madness.
I am confident that we have contributed to increasing mutual trust in Member States’ judicial systems.
We simply cannot tolerate that these torture and execution products are circulated through our ports or through our territory.
So I hope that Parliament with the vote today will confirm the agreement that we reached last May.
Thank you very much, but combinations of innocent medicines could also be lethal under certain circumstances.
‒ I voted in favour of this report.
UKIP MEPs have abstained on this legislative report.
‒ The EU is a global leader of the sustainable development agenda, and the relationship between the EU and the ACP countries is a cornerstone of that agenda.
Jonathan Arnott (EFDD).
Algirdas Saudargas (PPE).
It took 16 years for the Lebanese people to put an end to their civil war.
Tough words, but the most appropriate description of the carnage in Aleppo.
Finally, the last lesson to learn: let’s start to make our own defence community and to develop our own capabilities, because that is the only way for the coming years to secure our neighbourhood.
Madam President, Mr Korčok, as regards Mr Putin, this is a question of a cult of power.
Pavel Telička (ALDE), blue-card answer.
There was a counter proposal ‘Save the women’ and you could also have had an open debate looking at liberalising the abortion law that exists in Poland, but you did not.
It is about women that are being raped, women that are victims of incest, possible health complication, miscarriages.
Continue to speak up.
We propose a stronger management structure with a management board on top of the Secretariat.
I think you have to talk about the tragedy in Syria.
That means two things: a fully-fledged Banking Union.
Just imagine that Africa and the next generation will have anywhere between 3 and 6 billion people.
The same need not apply for the EU’s internal arrangements once Brexit has been consummated.
We want to see the European Commission, the Council, the Member States and the international community, as well as developing countries’ governments commit to fighting all forms of malnutrition and to mobilise long-term financial investments for food and nutrition security and sustainable agriculture.
Also it calls on the EU to influence countries on nationalising industries, but the EU has no right to intervene in nation state affairs.
Furthermore the resolution is calling for a strong European long-term strategy on industrial policy.
The EU should set the highest standards in this field.
We can soon discuss the key findings and conclusions, but before that let us think for a moment why these reports are made.
Through the annual reports on monitoring the application of EU law, the Commission reports on its work and explains how it exercises its powers as Guardian of the Treaties.
Secondly, I would like to say that it is very important that we continue to open up what better regulation means.
Serious human rights violations have been perpetrated by state actors, government—supported militia and rebel forces in impunity.
IFRS 9
As for refugees from Syria, now the EU has concluded the deal with Turkey not to allow refugees from Syria to EU.
‒ I voted in favour of this cross-party resolution on the dire situation in Syria, commending the Union’s emergency response to the humanitarian crisis in Aleppo.
‒ I support measures aimed to mitigate global warming and agree with the motion which states clearly that this should not be seen as an obstacle to striving for economic growth but should, on the contrary, be seen as a driving force in the realisation of new and sustainable economic growth and employment.
I voted in favour because I believe that further harmonisation at EU level for non-harmonised materials through specific measures based on scientific evidence would be a step in the right direction, giving priority to those materials that constitute a particular risk to human health and are in bigger demand on the EU market.
Cătălin Sorin Ivan (S&D), in writing.
I voted in favour of this report which sets out the application of EU law in the Member States for the year 2014.
One: to set a common approach for defining what a customs infringement is;
We mourn her still, and so in her name I urge the EU External Action Service to set out a clear human rights framework as part of the EU’s engagement with the Iranian Government going forward from this report.
We reaffirm our commitment to ensuring effective implementation of the political declaration and reaffirm our engagement in the upcoming negotiation of the global compact for migration, to be concluded by 2018.
It is potentially breaking up from inside out.
The number of complaints about withdrawal issues against IronFX has escalated over this year as the cyberspace foreign exchange trading company refuses to pay clients’ deposits and profits for months.
We have already seen, with the European Border and Coast Guard and with European Fund for Strategic Investments, what we can achieve when we all put our full efforts into negotiations.
The last couple of years have been really encouraging for our mutual cooperation in many areas that are very important today.
But there are areas where we agree we need to work together – on fighting terror, on working with NATO on security and defence, on tackling the causes of the refugee crisis, on confronting climate change and reducing our carbon footprint, on re-energising trade relations in the single market.
My second point is that, in the preparation of the Commission Work Programme, we have gone extensively through debates with your Parliament, starting with the debate on and after the State of the Union address by President Juncker leading up to the letter of intent;
Yes, we need a pro—growth policy and, yes, everybody would agree worldwide that what Europe lacks most is investment.
If I look at what the Commission wants to do on the social pillar side, I think that looks good, but, how exactly is that going to look?
Nirj Deva, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Development.
Madam President, first of all I would like to thank the Commissioner very much for this very important corporate tax reform package.
Madam Harkin, just a quick question: surely the Irish Republic is making a great deal of money out of their differential tax rates?
Parliament has a good voice for this in my colleague, Mr Løkkegaard.
I believe the compromise we reached represents the best agreement possible to bridge these differences.
In order to keep the Schengen system borderless, we have to prove to our citizens that we are in control of our external borders.
Le vostre parole parlano al nostro cuore e ora vi comunicherò quello che penso.
Many fears and concerns have been expressed about the conduct and consequences of the campaign.
These returns are happening without an accompanying measure in favour of those who return and of the communities that will receive and reintegrate them.
Allow me now to briefly highlight some of the EU policies and actions.
But responding to Russia’s current actions is something which should unite us, rather than divide us.
we should have imposed more sanctions, and we should be looking at whatever instruments we have.
the winners are China, Russia and other countries, because they will get to set the standards, not Europe.
We are simply reacting to steps taken by Russia, which is working with considerable energy and focus to weaken and divide the EU.
Thank you very much for your help.
I want us to get on with it, because this club is very expensive.
‒ I voted against this budget put forward by the Parliament as it reintroduces cuts which were decided by Member States in the Council.
This MFF ‘review’ adds to the flexibility;
The first thing we should look at is having a far bigger emergency fund: look at what has happened since we discussed the last MFF –the way migration has taken off and the funding required for that: nobody anticipated it a number of years ago.
we believe the first resort should be finding money for EU priorities within existing budget lines.
This directive is an important step towards an inclusive digital society, ensuring that public sector bodies’ websites and mobile applications will have to be made accessible to everyone.
Miriam Dalli (S&D), in writing.
Unemployment in general remains one of the main challenges that Member States are facing.
The semi-fluid or solid consistency of palm oil makes it a suitable alternative to partially hydrogenated oils and fats, which contain increased levels of trans fatty acids.
The reality is that the Court of Auditors, for the 21st year in a row, has issued an adverse opinion on the legality and regularity of the payments underlying the accounts of the European Union, which of course would be a very serious thing indeed in accountancy circles.
In 1825, the fastest anyone could go was dictated by the speed of a horse – about 20 mph maximum, in very short bursts.
Also, governments wanted to provide people with more leisure opportunities by making the most of daylight time.
Why do we deny scientific evidence of social jetlag?
Cooperation with education and training providers is also an integral part of the Youth Guarantee.
We have policy measures in place to address the most severe risks and are continuing to monitor developments in this issue.
Having said that, I understand – from your words, of course, but also we are aware – that there are concerns as regards the risks associated with low interest rates and our unconventional measures.
As a result, euro area firms and households have experienced more favourable borrowing conditions.
Valdis Dombrovskis, Vice-President of the Commission.
Tatjana Ždanoka (Verts/ALE).
This cooperation with the Council of Europe is particularly important and I really hope Turkey will address the concerns of the Council’s Commissioners for Human Rights.
Dear colleague, you mention the immediate suspension of the process of accession of Turkey, and I agree with lots of things that you said.
I am confident that many members of the AK Party still share this vision.
Given the US election results, the EU has to be even more active on this front.
I believe that specific work that the European Union could do – fruitfully and in a very positive manner – would be to invest in the younger generations, on both the Israeli and the Palestinian sides, to work for constituencies for peace on both sides.
Furthermore, both sides, the Israelis and Palestinians, have the responsibility to revive this process for the sake of their own citizens.
Now security and defence is a major, if not even the main concern of European citizens which was finally heard by the EU leaders.
I am not among those who would seek to raise false alarms, but there is much that we need to rethink.
we need credible power in order to be able to engage in conflict prevention successfully.
To develop the technologies of the future, it is very clear to all of us, I believe, that we need to start investing now, but a big part of our work can also deliver concrete results in a shorter timeframe, and, with the implementation plan on security and defence, we are moving fast in this field too.
It is not about the EU army, and it is not about duplication with NATO.
This new recommendation focuses on addressing the consequences of early leaving by providing a second chance to adults who were failed in previous decades and left school without acquiring a sound level of basic skills or qualifications.
It will not be a perfect agreement – absolutely not – but this is the first time we are trying to do something like this, and we are doing our utmost to ensure that it is environmentally credible and future-oriented.
still high rates of youth unemployment and of those not in employment, education or training;
Mr President, I would like to thank the Commissioner for the statements.
Secondly, reforms and the consolidation of public finances are the best way to avoid austerity.
Would Ms Berès agree with me that France currently faces the worst of all economic worlds, in that it is locked in a currency that is entirely unsuited to its needs and that reduces room for fiscal manoeuvre, and also has a governing party which has imposed an anti-business culture which is seeing stagnation and growing unemployment?
In these countries, whatever the time of year, it is always the winter semester.
But secondly, we also need to see our banks and all intermediaries take responsibility for their own operations and businesses.
Dariusz Rosati (PPE).
Eva Paunova (PPE), in writing.
Derek Vaughan (S&D), in writing.
‒ I voted against this as it calls for the EU Commission to legislate new rules.
I voted in favour of this report as it provides a balanced assessment of the interplay of monetary polices and structural reforms and the risks of low interest rate policies.
‒ I voted in favour.
This report calls for greater interlocking and cooperation between the EU Member States;
this should be launched at least by the next MFF – sufficient funding for this programme is key to ensuring the sufficient future defence capacities of the European Union.
I therefore support the recommendations of this report, given its identification of the extraordinary opportunity the geography of our Member States presents.
Whilst waterborne passenger transport and waterborne freight transport face different challenges and have different needs in terms of infrastructure, environmental challenges, operational issues, security and port-city relations the integration of waterborne passenger hubs into European policy on interconnecting infrastructure, as already implemented through EU will provide further European added value.
Around 90% of Europeans living in cities are exposed to levels of air pollution deemed damaging to human health, and many vulnerable socio-demographic groups, such as the elderly, are particularly affected.
Methane was completely removed from the text, and the 2025 target was made non-binding.
We are opposed to the development of a centralised EU defence and foreign policy capability.
Counter-propaganda which is written by anonymous sources, as in the case of EastStratCom.
The report outlines the necessary qualifications that should apply for an interpreter and applies the same standards for sign language interpreters
I will do it now.
I have promised to you several times that we want to devote the year 2017 to strengthening combating violence against women, so I am particularly glad to announce to you that, on 25 November, as part of our year of focused actions to combat violence against women, I will launch the promised EU—wide campaign.
It is a cross-cutting effort and work within the Commission, involving many of my colleague Commissioners and their services.
It should also be seen in combination with the first MFA programme, which brings the EU’s total amounts for balance of payments support alone to EUR 380 million.
Jyrki Katainen, Vice-President of the Commission.
This is a major advance to ensure that we can get more take-up of cross-border pension schemes.
The IORP2 directive brings improvements to governance provisions on cross-border activities and transfers, provisions on transparency to members, an increased freedom of investment of IORPs over the long term contributing to these EMU objectives.
The Commission and the Member States are also developing guidelines on trade ivory to make sure that trade within the EU, or exports from the EU, do not contribute to international ivory trafficking.
I welcome the Commission’s Action Plan against Wildlife Trafficking, as the EU needs a coordinated response to wildlife trafficking, which is a serious and growing problem in Europe and globally.
Some have social concerns, some have concerns about security, safety or trade, some want to see a liberal approach etc.
It will establish a new architecture for European energy markets.
Madam President, I have a question for Commissioner Cañete.
Because the Commission adopted two communications, one on the next steps for a sustainable European future and one on the consensus for development, and it seems to me that the link to be made with Paris is a golden opportunity to have real policy coherence for development.
I welcome its efforts in implementing the Special Report I sent to Parliament concerning a Frontex complaints mechanism, but also the recommendations I made in relation to joint return flights.
We do, and we can, take complaints from them, but generally those complaints would be against the European Parliament administration in relation to how they have handled their complaints.
The conflicts of interest, particularly in relation to the recent high-profile case, has also forced us all to join the dots between things that happen like that and the wider concerns of citizens and how, ultimately, they are expressed at the ballot box.
What does China fear about the booksellers?
And pension schemes will now have to make sure they are investing for the long term, considering the social and environmental implications of their investments, which is a major step forward.
‒ I voted in favour of this resolution on activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision because it represented a more straightforward codification of the existing legislative acts and did not add any changes in substance.
‒ I voted in favour of this legislation which aims to improve the protection of members of occupational retirement schemes and will encourage the development of stable cross-border schemes.
Pavel Telička (ALDE), in writing.
2 386 judges and prosecutors and 40 000 other people have been detained, of whom more than 31 000 remain under arrest;
I find the disproportionate repressive measures taken in Turkey since the failed coup attempt in July 2016 very worrisome.
I support the European Ombudsman’s determination to make the workings of the European Central Bank more transparent and compliant with a high standard of governance.
Derek Vaughan (S&D), in writing.
Petras Auštrevičius (ALDE), in writing.
Those new opportunities aim at delivering better-fit services and I believe that passengers’ interests should always be the aim of the transport policies.
Jarosław Wałęsa (PPE), in writing.
I think we will have a good deal to fight what are the concerns of our citizens, that is, youth unemployment.
It is quite simply not there.
We put it forward, we lobbied for it and we argued for it, but neither net payers nor net recipients liked it.
But not only that.
Madam President, I am here on behalf of our shadow, Cornelia Ernst, who could not be here tonight but who has, as you know, been working on this with colleagues for several years.
These exchanges are taking place on the basis of legal instruments, in particular bilateral agreements that very often lack basic privacy safeguards or contain only limited protections.
There is indeed no exception from this for politicians abusing the freedom of expression by inciting to violence or hatred.
It is the prerogative of the President.
Catherine Bearder, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
I voted in favour because I believe that we have to show our deepest solidarity and empathy with all the individuals affected by the earthquakes and their families.
The OSD defines the elements of such a comprehensive EU-wide framework for preventing major accidents and limiting their consequences.
Dita Charanzová (ALDE), in writing.
William (The Earl of) Dartmouth (EFDD), in writing.
But overall I have to say that we are disappointed in this proposal and consider that an opportunity to reduce the negative environmental impact of Europe’s ports has been missed.
The Port Services Regulation creates a stable framework in which ports will be able to: first, develop;
second, attract private investors;
They therefore know that all the new rules and regulations they can get through over the next couple of years will be imposed on the British people, in some cases for decades.
So do I, and so do most people in Europe.
The recommendations in your report are very timely since the Commission is working now on the post-2016 policy framework and therefore will assess them carefully.
The recent Forum of the Child identified concrete actions such as the situation in the reception facilities, effective guardianship, which we will pursue further and I will discuss this with Ministers at the informal Justice Ministers meeting at the end of January in Malta.
Madam President, in December 2015 the Commission concluded that Georgia and Ukraine have met all criteria for visa liberalisation.
Secondly, also because it is indeed a recommendation.
Third, we need stronger cooperation with our partners and with this in mind the European Union has signed an unprecedented joint declaration with NATO.
The international security and humanitarian mechanisms seem to be paralysed.
As the rapporteur said, it is very important to keep that deadline so that we avoid a gap between the end of the current trade preferences and the provisional application, which would have meant major trade disruption with Ecuador.
I should also say that, despite the support that farmers get from the European Union and our national governments to co-finance programmes, most farmers would like to get their income from the market.
This is a big change compared with today, and it will keep costs to consumers to a minimum and preserve the functioning of the internal market.
On the other hand, we need to make sure that renewable targets can actually deliver the results we want and do not slow down the momentum reached during COP21.
Decarbonisation of the transport sector is strongly prescient.
Daesh wanted, by enslaving us, to take our honour, but they lost their honour, and here you have given us this honour.
I am especially pleased to see a tightening of control measures which will hopefully ensure that all fishermen, from all Member States, are following the same rules.
‒ Labour MEPs voted in favour of the report, which identifies key areas of concern in relation to the situation of fundamental rights.
Against a backdrop of significant increases in hate crime, it is essential that efforts are made at EU, national and local level to counter extremism and promote respect for diversity.
Marian Harkin (ALDE), in writing.
Eva Paunova (PPE), in writing.
It reflects the changing geopolitical context in which the EU operates and addresses these challenges by emphasising the need for a reinvigorated EU coordination.
Furthermore, the report was further evidence of the contempt for neutral Member States.
UKIP voted against this non-legislative and non-binding report.
The report addresses these challenges by emphasising the need for a reinvigorated EU coordination, including decisive steps towards strengthening cooperation on defence.
Jill Evans (Verts/ALE), in writing.
Mairead McGuinness (PPE), in writing.
‒ I abstained on this recommendation as it was a simple technical update to reflect the fact that Ecuador is now party to certain parts of this agreement.
It is clear that there is still need for a transitional period regarding the compensations paid for level crossing facilities due to the fact that some Member States still use this Regulation as a basis for level crossing facilities compensations.
they were voted on last night in the Sejm.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 162(8))
We are talking about domestic violence, sexual abuse, rape, child marriage, honour killings.
Sophia in 't Veld (ALDE), blue-card question.
At the same time, for the security of EU citizens, we need an efficient suspension mechanism to avoid any abuse.
I was informed in due course by Europol and, through full transparency, I will inform Mrs in 't Veld and the whole committee of how I was informed.
We now come to the important oral question, which many colleagues have been waiting for, on the very important, compelling and urgent issue of visa reciprocity.
However, to watch a child go through this pain is intolerable.
Indeed, more than 900 paediatric development programmes have been agreed under the Regulation, and more than 100 have been completed in recent years.
Syed Kamall, on behalf of the ECR Group.
I agree with President Juncker that there has been enormous progress in tackling the migration issue with Turkey.
These are areas in which we need to act together as Europeans and also as responsible members of NATO.
The aim is that Member States will implement the relevant IT systems in a common and integrated way in their national IT environments.
But what is the issue here?
Petras Auštrevičius, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Especially, in the case of Ukraine, we really need to show Ukrainians that the EU is not letting them down.
Whether or not a thalidomide victim received any lump-sum payments and special monthly living allowances depends very much on the country they came from.
This is something we all must remember at the moment.
An ever larger group of people will become ever more dependent on the state – but that’s what you want, isn’t it?
This is the situation in the three countries referred to – Greece, Serbia and FYROM – and course I would like to say again that we are not proud of this very painful situation.
HS2 is a highly contentious project, economically unjustified and with the reasons for its existence constantly changing to facilitate its construction.
Le assicuro che la Presidenza maltese di questo semestre europeo sarà un interlocutore leale e un lavoratore assiduo per portare a casa i risultati prefissati.
All this led to tensions on different approaches – ‘to wall, or not to wall?’
Our citizens need to feel safe and protected wherever they are within Europe.
Higher taxes mean raiding our pockets to pay for their vanity projects.
So it is very important for the EU as a whole, and it is very important for our citizens, to see that the Presidency is giving such high priority to the social agenda.
And finally, we need to translate this into credible financial instruments, financial means, which means to align the Community budget to support all these goals, and to make sure that eurozone Member States also have the instruments to implement these objectives.
Let us hope that in addressing your specific issues of migration, security, the single market, social inclusion, the neighbourhood policy and the maritime sector, that the Maltese Presidency is able to draw a clear distinction between migration and asylum to ensure that the EU delivers a policy that is tough but fair, is able to strengthen security cooperation that makes our peoples feel protected and less vulnerable, to develop a single market that delivers less bureaucracy and more choice for consumers, to encourage social inclusion that learns from the very best projects in our local communities in each of our countries, and to develop a neighbourhood policy that does not mean a costly EU army, but the ability to take tough decisions on sanctions when they really matter, and also to encourage innovation and growth in the maritime sector to support increased open trade.
92% also state that it is important – or again very important – that the confidentiality of their emails and online instant messaging is guaranteed.
I am personally active in this approach in the Netherlands.
Thank you;
We are confronted with widespread impunity, high levels of armed incidents, extra—judicial killings and abductions as well as cases of torture by the police and the intelligence service.
I am happy that the High Representative is here with us to call for a ceasefire, for humanitarian aid and to restore the political process.
It shows one thing quite clearly: that protecting national energy production and sticking to rigid centralised systems is not the right answer.
It is distorting competition and it is changing the architecture of the European energy markets.
I know this is the top priority for political parties, governments and public opinion in Europe, but believe me when I tell you that the main point for us is working on finding a political solution to the crisis in Libya.
But Member States can actually do something and that is what I want to see happen.
Your vote on this proposal will be a very important step towards improving ocean governance overall.
Thanks to the use of online application forms and the online programme guide, we are now moving to the next level of digitalisation.
Use this as a strength.
One such reason is the increasingly tense security situation in the Black Sea region.
For instance the proposal for the recast of the Brussels IIA Regulation, which was adopted last year on 30 June, strengthens the rights of the child.
Julie Girling, on behalf of the ECR Group.
Two degrees means that we have only 20 years left of current global emissions.
We now have someone in America who could easily walk the road of climate scepticism.
The heads of state and government agreed in 2014 that the ETS is the European Union’s flagship climate policy and it is now time to show our citizens, our businesses, our society and the world that we are serious about making the ETS fit to meet our Paris commitments and our 2030 climate and energy targets.
This reform is key in terms of our commitment to the implementation of the Paris Agreement.
Let me recall two recent facts.
I think it is a thing that we share, that these rules are of the essence for the legitimacy of the advisory and expert groups.
The agenda has been published and is available on the European Parliament website.
The latest Foreign Affairs Council showed once again a strong consensus on continued European support and I am sure that we can count on this Parliament’s political backing for our efforts.
If Russian aggression escalates we should prolong and further increase them.
Madam President, 2016 has been a year of progress in Bosnia and Herzegovina, with practical steps forward on its European path.
However, it is important to note, first of all, that we have a tax load very much greater than that of any other competitive economy.
On discussions on the macroeconomic imbalances procedure: for the first time this year our country reports will also contain a deeper assessment of the implementation of company-specific recommendations in different Member States.
Doru-Claudian Frunzulică (S&D), blue-card question.
The Berès/Böge report on fiscal capacity gives a good indication of how such features can be created within our common currency.
Today you ask for more sovereignty from people but you have not given the slightest reflection to why the EU is in crisis.
The first is that this is too institutional, then that you are creating more – and a bigger – Europe and people do not want that, and that it is too visionary.
Listen: first, we must introduce the death penalty.
I hope you will support that and we stand ready to examine whether such mandatory obligations for information-sharing could/should be introduced for other EU databases.
I therefore take a positive view of the major positive outcomes for the healthcare sector throughout the EU.
The bottom line: go and see the robots that exist today and those in development.
Mr President, for years European cohesion policy has, through the Structural and Investment Funds, played a significant role in fostering the social, cultural and economic vibrancy of both rural and urban areas across the EU, including the UK.
And this is not a theoretical thing.
that – Labour MEPs in particular, and they know who they are – that is the big lie.
Tunne Kelam (PPE).
Making the Single European Sky a reality, regardless of national demarcations, would benefit all of us.
On 15 January 2017, the Bahraini authorities carried out the execution of three people who were convicted of a bomb attack against the police which killed three policemen, including an Emirati officer.
Other areas for further progress include the establishment of a mechanism for free and informed prior consultations in line with ILO Convention 169, and the implementation of precautionary measures granted by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights to activists.
We can only achieve this if we stay united as Europeans.
Because we have no capabilities to do so at European level.
In this context, the Council looks forward to the forthcoming initiative from the Commission on improving the work-life balance.
Maybe we could discuss further whether there is a need for bigger sanctions, whether there is a need to encourage victims of discrimination to complain more often, and so on.
They contribute to our society and our economy.
We are already working on these and let me give you some examples.
They come from those intersections.
You are wasting your time and you are also wasting our money.
Mr President, the scientific evidence surrounding the toxicity of mercury is well known and has been of concern for many years.
Limitations on certain exports and industrial processes are also big achievements.
It is very important that we are brave enough to say the words we believe in, and we do a lot of concrete things to fulfil the promises we make.
Against this background and in line with the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality, the Commission takes the view that the Member States involved are better placed to address the relevant issues concerning rabbit production.
Deirdre Clune (PPE).
As we have just heard from Mrs Corazza Bildt, no family planning means other problems, such as HIV and other issues.
Mr Škripek, as you know, I was not in the Chair during that exchange.
If she kills her body, she dies.
Therefore we need improvements in the controls along the food chain, and I was pleased to see the Commission coming forward with proposals in this regard.
They really do not understand taxation.
Monsieur le Président, Monsieur le Président du Conseil, Mesdames et Messieurs les députés européens, il y a une saison, c’est celle-ci, pour regarder les réussites et les insuffisances de ce que nous faisons comme Union, avec l’objectif de définir la voie à suivre dans l’année qui suit.
With these pillars as our base, we have built a new, improved and crucially fairer corporate tax framework for the entire EU, and we have done so in a remarkably short space of time.
Elle pousse nos États membres vers un niveau sans précédent d’ouverture et de coopération sur les sujets fiscaux.
We need to achieve economies of scale.
Mr President, I have a point of order.
We will see more stringent rules on deactivation and use of the most dangerous semi-automatic firearms, and better monitoring systems for checking the medical conditions of users.
And these measures which we have passed here today, and which I was pleased to vote in favour of, will hopefully mean that Member States will do everything they can to move to a circular economy.
Now in this Parliament we have worked hard to speed up efforts on common EU rules on better information about passengers travelling from and to the EU with our PNR system.
Mr President, in a week’s time we will be commemorating the first anniversary of the Brussels attacks – on 22 March – which are still so vivid in our memories.
While stepping up our counter—terrorism tools, we should preserve our values and fundamental rights.
It will provide more stringent rules in terms of deactivation of firearms.
A number of you have also underlined the importance of operational police cooperation.
Alone, it cannot solve the causes of those conflicts, but it will help to fight against exploitation of minerals for the financing of armed groups.
It is a testament to how ineffective those European political parties are that nobody even notices.
European referendums, yes, but not national.
the aim of it is a very legitimate and crucial one for the time.
NATO harnesses the overwhelming military power of the United States to that of the European nations for their mutual defence, and we have the vital Article 5 guarantee.
It is important to note as well that any success will have an impact on transatlantic burden-sharing.
I would like to thank and congratulate Michael Gahler and Esteban González Pons for an excellent report.
In this context, I have tabled an amendment and I ask colleagues to support it.
In this respect, one cannot over emphasise the importance of taking ownership of these reforms, which first and foremost are in the interest of, and to, the Montenegrin people.
This requires ensuring a fair, inclusive, transparent and safe access, and use of the internet for all.
There is one final thing I would like to say about the Netherlands, after what happened over the weekend.
We are citizens, not subjects.
Building a stronger Europe has been, and will be, an inclusive process.
Rescue missions are conducted with great valour, bravery and spirit on the part of those people involved in them, whether they are the European Border and Coast Guard, Frontex, Member States or non-governmental organisations.
I have grave concerns that may well be happening.
Zimbabwe is at a critical juncture, as a number of you have said.
The fate of innocent victims is not forgotten.
Mr President, drug-related crimes are an evil scourge on society, preying on the weak and causing untold misery and suffering.
While condemning these actions, the EU should also seek to assist the government to uphold its human rights obligations.
I encourage the Commission to come forward with solid legislative proposal, including a solution for sustainable funding.
That is why the Anti-Trafficking Directive has a strong gender-specific dimension, and that is why we have also commissioned a study on the gender dimensions of trafficking in human beings.
The Commission believes that we need to address the issue of deforestation by looking at a much broader range of issues and drivers.
I would like to thank you all for sharing your views on this important matter.
A bio-based economy must be developed in the right way, because using the wrong sources of bio-energy can do far more harm than good.
However, many of the farmers and processors that I represent are questioning the ability of the Commission to guarantee that product entering the EU is of a comparably high standard.
As soon as news came to light about the fraudulent practices in the Brazilian meat sector, the Commission asked the Brazilian authorities to ensure that there were no exports to the EU from any establishments in Brazil that could bear a risk of non-compliance with European Union requirements.
we are preparing urgent audits of Brazil.
I do not know about some figures which were mentioned here, they are not in line with our figures which we have in our rapid alert system.
Instead, last week, the Commission released a joint statement with the Mercosur trading bloc committing us to concluding a deal as soon as possible.
This, honourable ladies and gentlemen, Members of this Parliament, is Greece, as created by the EU and the euro.
What I think is most important is that we implement, and that the Member States who have signed up to this, and the Commission who are with us on this journey, realise that this Parliament will keep a watching brief and will make sure that resources are put in place so that we do put action on the words.
If we ensured that we did our job, this would not have been necessary.
I reject any conditionality of EU aid on the collaboration of third countries on migration issues.
Reports that went out were anonymous on purpose.
I also believe that you can actually allow the market to work in a sensible way.
In the short time we have here, we answer as best we can.
It will be key in restoring public confidence and I would like to make some comments.
It is directly responsible for huge swathes of destruction to natural habitats, flora and fauna.
We simply cannot have another Volkswagen scandal and the impacts on climate and public health are too great not to take decisive action.
Mairead McGuinness (PPE).
The next step is implementation, and here the Commission and Member States and we ourselves must keep a watch so that what is in the legislation is put into effect.
If EU countries prefer to adopt Trump’s approach we should say this openly and not pretend to be angels that do not understand why these poor people do not come to us.
The overly-cautious Council position just did not reflect reality.
I spoke to NGOs on both the European and American sides.
Another key element is the Ombudsperson mechanism, which ensures that Europeans have a possibility to obtain an individual review if they believe that intelligence authorities have broken the law when accessing their personal data.
For the sustainability of the privacy shield it is essential that these elements are part of it.
Why are we doing this?
The Council, notably the Working Party on Human Rights, has not yet the opportunity to carry out its assessment.
(Applause from the EFDD Group)
However, any solution must also respect that Northern Ireland will be an integral part of an independent United Kingdom.
Everything from the start.
Tim Aker (EFDD), blue-card answer.
Madam President, Putin influenced the American election.
That is what the new provisions of this Child Marriage Restraint Bill in Bangladesh allow for.
I now call for the EU Member States to implement today’s vote as soon as possible.
I would therefore deeply regret any action by the Hungarian authorities aimed at shrinking the space of civil society organisations, or any attempt to control or stigmatise their work.
Commissioner Avramopoulos has launched discussions on these issues with the Hungarian authorities.
We have a shared responsibility to live up to our international obligations to protect people fleeing war and persecution and treat them fairly and with dignity.
The last issue on the questionnaire is that Brussels is attacking our country because of tax cuts.
This is something that was done by the Hungarian people themselves: striving for freedom, protecting their freedom, however, it is now a common European task and we will have to fight for that.
Where the work-life balance initiative is concerned, there are of course very many positive headlines.
This is the way to build resilience, and this is the way to make our economies competitive and our welfare systems sustainable in the longer term.
You would have one country, Britain, trying to leave, and you’d have another country, Turkey, that you would want to expel.
The cooperation between Turkey and the Council of Europe is of paramount importance and has produced some results already.
the Commission will conclude the cooperation and support plans with Member States and then prepare the annual work programme, and only afterwards will it finalise all the contracting procedures.
And let me remind you that the EIB lent almost EUR 80 billion last year in order that the EU can broaden and deepen its control.
Transparency in the implementation of EU policy leads to strengthening the EIB’s overall corporate accountability and credibility.
This will be achieved by expert and peer support to Member States for their levelling.
Julie Girling (ECR).
I think it is a terrifically good idea and there are lots of ideas in here.
Bombardments continue, innocent civilians are dying, people are being attacked by chemical weapons, children suffer, people lose their homes.
Only the wilfully blind would think that President Assad is part of the peace solution, when he has been the main source of violence and instability.
The EU was consistently sidelined in the UN-sponsored negotiations.
Why is it so important, if it is not getting headlines?
President.
European politicians, let’s wake up, really wake up.
In Europe the election laws are designed to ensure fair competition of people’s minds, and not to create privileges for some and eliminate others.
An estimated one-fifth of all IT expenditure globally takes place within the financial sector.
Your answer to this will define the future of your project.
Globalisation has created enormous wealth.
This is not harnessing globalisation.
This frame of rules must always be based on our fundamental principles and high standards, and take off the sharp edges that globalisation can indeed exacerbate.
Enhanced non-standard monetary policy measures are to continue until that time.
Commissioner Avramopoulos and his services are in close contact with the Croatian and the Slovenian authorities to find the operational solutions to the situation at this specific border section.
Phil Hogan, Member of the Commission.
As you said, it has been five years now since the EU-Korea free trade agreement entered into force, so it is very appropriate to evaluate it.
There is a lot of diversity and a number of actors all across the world, so doing this will be extremely complicated.
This Tripartite Coordination Council is a platform for dialogue between social partners.
This free trade agreement would send a powerful signal to the rest of the world that two of the largest economies are resisting protectionism, and that openness to trade and investment remains one of the best tools to harness and shape globalisation and create more economic growth and jobs.
President.
I strongly argue that we do not need special courts to protect investors.
Some projects are already being delayed because of the fears and uncertainties surrounding Brexit.
(Applause)
Consumers should benefit inasmuch as Europeans are pioneers in adopting new technologies and they have high expectations from a new, cleaner, connected economy, and especially from Smart Mobility.
Thirdly, workers: we are improving drivers’ working conditions and we want to make sure that our transport and automotive industries continue to create quality jobs and growth in Europe.
I also want to thank honourable Members for all their previous contributions, including the resolution on the revision of the Consensus adopted by this House on 14 February this year, which is strongly reflected in the joint statement.
Our new Consensus closely reflects the 2030 Agenda structured around the five ‘P’s: people, planet, prosperity, peace and partnership.
Local government and civil society are often the basis on which resilience can take root and grow at community level.
Firstly, it implies written questions, the so-called scorecards, where we ask the GSP countries to detail how they are addressing shortcomings in the implementation of the relevant 27 international conventions.
Restrictions on localisation prevent the scaling-up up of SMEs providing cloud computing or data hosting services.
That will surely bring a welcome break for many, including myself.
The Commission is ready to co-finance other appropriate actions if relevant projects are proposed by interested Member States and stakeholders under the current financial framework.
Madam President, I was in favour because 5G will be the next key building block of our future society.
In recent years I’ve observed its true potential being realised by Irish and European citizens alike.
So I want to thank everybody – the rapporteur, the shadow rapporteur – who were able to do something really very unique and which represents also for me, personally, one of the really unique moments of these two years and a half: to achieve with you, all together, PRIMA.
I think we have been, somehow, an example.
We have to improve, but it shows each time I meet with my advisory panels and I see that we have surpassed the 50% mark for women on those panels.
Discrimination on the grounds of gender is still prevalent at work, so strong monitoring and enforcement of existing rights is more necessary than ever.
Europe will then gain a new, modern republic.
Then I am afraid I have to apply what I said at the very beginning, which is that President Tajani was asked whether it would be possible to speak in any other language than the official languages of the European Union, and that is not possible.
I would like to emphasise the following: first, at my request, the companies applying for renewal of the approval of glyphosate made available to Members of Parliament and stakeholders the key studies underlying the assessment of glyphosate in a reading room;
We have, of course, to take public concerns into consideration.
We must recall the commitments made by the Democratic Republic of Congo under the Cotonou Agreement to respect democracy, the rule of law and human rights.
I express deep concern over the mass graves discovered in the Grand Kasai region and the resurgence of violence in the northern and eastern parts of the DRC.
this is a manmade disaster, and it is very brutal on civilians.
Instead, everything must be done to find a negotiated solution, not only in the interest of the Yemeni people, but also to avoid a spillover into an already fragile and explosive region and to avoid a breeding ground for more violent extremism.
And we shall never forget the cost of non-enlargement: we saw that in history, and we will avoid it in the future.
It can be still be used, but there is this independent international telephone code.
imports have to be labelled in the same way as products manufactured in the European Union.
It is unnecessary and it should stop and I am tabling a split vote on it.
There are no excuses: our economy will die if our ecosystems collapse.
So we welcome the Commission’s proposal with a plan which, finally, recognises that the problems of the eurozone are not only financial stability, but also growth, job creation and upward economic and social convergence.
Of course, Member States do need to engage in an effort of their own in reforms and investments in the framework of the European Semester.
That is what I saw in recent elections.
I want to agree with Commissioner Moscovici when he said very clearly that EFSI must be a success for every Member State in every part of our European Union, and we must do much more to promote the opportunities that EFSI can advance in economies right the way across the European Union.
As a member of the Socialists and Democrats Group in the European Parliament, I strongly support creating a European Child Guarantee that protects every child in the EU.
Kaja Kallas (ALDE).
Michał Boni (PPE).
As part of the digital single market strategy, the Commission undertook to carry out an in-depth assessment of the role of online platforms.
Well, if we have European—level elections for the European Parliament – as we do – then logic dictates the answer: yes.
Let us talk about jobs, let us talk about the economy, and about people’s daily lives.
But I do not really think that that particular industry really needs that extra bit of help, but what we are actually doing here – or what we would be doing here – is actually to make a 29th or 28th sort of defence policy.
Who could have predicted only a few years ago that renewable energy would increasingly be the cheapest option?
For example, climate action was a key topic of the EU-China Summit on 2 June.
In fact, stop what you are doing now.
In this way, for the first time really, as industry is very well placed in our new Skills Agenda, skills have come to the centre of the industrial policy agenda.
All the groups negotiated a request.
The triggering mechanism and unfortunate violent finish was somewhere in Azerbaijan.
The other message would be that if we postpone it today and Mr Hahn goes, what is the message that we are sending?
That is why we all have reason to believe that Georgia is conducting a totally transparent and independent investigation into what happened.
Negotiations with Azerbaijan on the comprehensive Partnership Agreement has been started.
The verbal attacks and acts against other religions, such as convicting and jailing the Christian Governor of Jakarta for blasphemy, must stop.
We in the European Parliament like to criticise other countries, but we are not critical of ourselves.
I must remind the House about the rather recent understanding of the role of Moldovan banks, and even of Moldovan judges, in some of the biggest money-laundering scandals in our environment.
It also points out the need to guarantee effective protection for workers, regardless of the type and duration of employment relationship, and to address non-standard, atypical and precarious forms of employment, while paying special attention to vulnerable groups.
The Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) Directive definition is silent on precisely this first factor, on the quality of assets, relying merely on the institutional characteristics of covered bonds.
And what of the million or so who will not meet the five-year residency rule, many of whom are Eastern European and Roma, told to go home by emboldened racists?
This is why talking about the future of EU finances in a period when old socio-economic challenges are compounded by new ones, such as the impact of Brexit on revenues or heightened migration and security concerns, among others, is of such a great importance.
Tibor Szanyi, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
Last sentence.
To this end, I have tabled multiple amendments to stress the importance of women’s participation in peace and security processes, all in line with the numerous UN resolutions on this issue.
Nistqarr li kull esperjenza kienet waħda li mhux se ninsa iżda wkoll id-djalogu li minnha tgħallimna ħafna.
That is political fraud and reality evasion.
The proposed autonomous trade measures will increase trade flows and give its economy the necessary support it deeply needs.
The people of Ukraine want to see their future in Europe and we have to help them arrive there.
This goal is something we as humans must all own and make a reality.
Please, we women do not need special treatment.
The nation state is the way forward, as we are showing in Brexit and the Visegrad countries.
The EU needs to sit at the table and commit to making the EU as global-facing and pro-free trade as possible.
That is why the European social pillar, to be proclaimed during your presidency, should be geared to the future and should empower young people in Europe.
Ilhan Kyuchyuk (ALDE).
The main advantage of the plan is the newly designed instrument, the European Fund for Sustainable Development Fund, and its Guarantee which, with the contributions of the European Investment Bank, will be employed to attract public and private investment and manage risks.
This audit will examine all measures put in place by the Brazilian authorities to rectify the deficiencies identified in May.
Should there be any important developments on this file my services and I stand ready to discuss with you and to update you on the state of play at a plenary, or at committee level, or in writing.
We have to keep in mind that the United States’ findings, which led to their ban, relate to a very small sample size.
This crisis must be solved and we must ensure that it does not happen again.
I think it is also very important to say what we are not doing.
Max Andersson, rapporteur.
Yet people who are blind, visually impaired or otherwise print disabled continue to face many barriers in accessing books and other print material which is protected by copyright and related rights.
and Afwerki and his patrons should be prosecuted for crimes against humanity.
The EU will support the full implementation of the recommendations made to Eritrea under the UN-led Universal Periodic Review.
(Applause)
Terry Reintke, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
They brought me home and I felt that I was taken seriously at this time.
We will understand better and we will be better able to measure the trend, because you see that in European society violence is on the rise in general, and we see this trend online.
We have given them enough time, and now we are going to do it again until the end of 2020?
With the anticipated growth in air traffic, emissions in 2050 are expected to be seven to ten times higher than in 1990.
The Commission is ready to look at different options to increase the efficiency of space research spending, including by exploring the options of possible public-private partnerships.
As regards European Union trade and investment policy, recent European Union trade agreements contain rules of origin that support the integration of the industry in the global value chains.
Among others, it funds eTwinning, promoting cooperation between schools through distance learning.
The referendum was 15 months ago but I have yet to read anything really concrete on the border issue.
I am also conscious that the European External Action Service faces significant rising costs – in part due to increased staffing levels, but also partly due to the cost of the strategic communications programme.
Of note, however, is that some of the largest arms exporters and importers, such as Russia, China, India and Pakistan, have not signed or ratified it.
Matti Maasikas, President-in-Office of the Council, on behalf of the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
The latest nuclear threat – I guess we all agree – was another major provocation, and this is a huge threat not only to regional security, but to our international security.
We should therefore welcome that the United Nations Security Council on Monday unanimously adopted a US-drafted resolution to impose new sanctions on the regime in Pyongyang.
High Representative, I call upon you to listen to the citizens.
Sanctions must come with optimistic diplomacy.
Our regions may be geographically distant, but there is so much that we share.
This framework has victims at its centre, it is based on the recognition of everyone’s human rights, and it understands the specific needs of women and children.
Bill Etheridge (EFDD), blue-card question.
We have already spoken today about regional cooperation, solidarity among Member States, protected customers, and transparency of contracts.
There should be zero tolerance for such fraud.
Diane James (NI).
Affected farms have been blocked and will remain so until Member States are certain that their production is safe.
They simply cannot function if they are not used correctly.
First, I believe that the reaction of an individual government is not right.
On top of that, we already proposed a year and a half ago the new type-approval framework that should help in the future and should prevent such a situation.
It is very easy to repeat that this is a lack of confidence in the industry, that this was a huge problem and that it was cheating, but we need to do something, as I have said before.
This is harmful for your citizens, for your environment and for your future.
The infringement procedures recently opened by the Commission against eight Member States for breach of EU-type approval legislation are a testimony of the importance of monitoring whether EU law in this area is being properly enforced.
This legislation does not limit the responsibility of Member States to define requirements on construction products in the field of fire safety – quite the contrary.
We can think about steps to be taken in the future.
I sincerely hope that this House will continue to put this high on the agenda.
This is why it is protected by EU law.
Yet as the eye of the storm moved through the Caribbean and Florida, politicians, the media and others closed their eyes in order to protect their interests.
We are for regionalisation, but we need a backstop.
In Brussels, in London and in Belfast, we should be working to forge a new and positive relationship with the European Union.
It is, however, a requirement if you want to have access to the internal market of the European Union, but I think that this is a debate that is slightly outside this agenda.
You have done your part here in Parliament.
I hope we will not miss them.
We need legal clarity and unity about this as soon as possible.
We should be ambitious about what we can do together in the years ahead.
Madam President, thank you for allowing me to address this House on the protection of consumers within the digital single market.
This is the approach we have adopted with our Partnership Priorities, and this is the proof that only through engagement can we can address our common interests for the people of Egypt, for Europe and for our entire region.
Civilians are still tried by military courts and we have now seen 22 cases of death sentences.
That is also unacceptable.
As every year, in line with our commitment to the international climate process, the European Parliament will attend the Bonn conference and follow the discussion and decisions made there, and through its privileged contacts with parliamentarians from around the world will support the EU position.
Mr President, I have listened carefully to the debate today and I am encouraged by the engagement shown by the Members of this House.
The airlines are legally obliged to make passengers aware of their rights and should act accordingly.
What I am more concerned about is that, although we have had this most protective legislative framework for 10 years, there are still entities and people that do not know what passengers’ rights are today, what can be reimbursed and what kind of obligations the airline has.
There is no benefit for health and the environment in keeping the interim criteria that are currently applicable.
The criteria are also designed to identify known and presumed endocrine disrupters on the basis of all available scientific information, including human and animal evidence, as well as in-vitro and in-silico data.
(Applause from certain quarters)
Because then you can get on with your ambitions for full economic, financial, political and military integration.
So where is the vision for Brexit?
(Applause from the right)
The strength of a leader is demonstrated not by stubbornness but by insight.
It is time to put your egos away, time to make this work, and time to stop insulting people that you ultimately want to work with you.
The reason is that while the EU 27 has quite a clear negotiating position, it seems to me that the UK side of the negotiation table is trying to square a circle.
That terrible night showed all too clearly the consequences of not enforcing safety rules at sea.
We have got to make sure we can get on with the task of spending those monies.
This year we can once again be mostly satisfied with the Court’s report itself and the conclusions it incorporates.
Let us prevent double checks by managing authority, certifying authority and audit authority by same beneficiary.
Mr Timmermans, you are doing a great job when trying to defend fundamental rights in the European Union.
On the question of funding, of course we see a lack of money here and when I discuss it with those responsible in the Member States – the experts – I sometimes hear varying information or suggestions.
At the same time, I call on the Commission to look thoroughly at and to address the situation in Ukraine, where recently the Ukrainian authorities took measures against the rights of national minorities in Ukraine.
Monica Macovei (ECR), in writing.
Sadly, the situation is not getting any better.
Could I ask the Parliament to put my remarks on record.
I welcome the harmonisation steps between inorganic and organic fertilisers, and also the steps in the field of cadmium levels.
The choice we must make is that of allowing access to a relatively benign plant, which has had many, many studies carried out on it, or leave our young people to the mercy of a legal, untested cocktail of chemicals.
Everyone says they are wonderful;
You will end up unemployed;
Apprenticeship and traineeship reforms have taken place in many countries.
So, Unilever, please come up with plans and reassurances that really cut the mustard.
Jeppe Kofod (S&D).
It was launched by the Commission, and I would like to thank them for that.
It is essential because with Article 352 of the Treaty we will have full EP involvement via the consent procedure;
As for Parliament, it is currently unable to scrutinise how the Council budget is spent.
This needs to be stopped;
This is also an important step we need to take.
We will, it is our duty, continue to stand up for our shared values.
we have to be courageous and go against those who actually do not wish us to investigate.
Is there a way out of mistrust from both sides?
My intention is to build on what connects, not on what divides.
Somebody was saying that we have to do less, but I beg to differ.
Mr President, I would like to thank the Commissioner and not only the shadow rapporteurs, but all of those who have participated in this debate.
Each Member State should have the target of a potential growth of at least three percent and make the reforms that can provide the jobs, the growth and the investment that can give Europe a lead.
The issuers have to disclose information and the investors have to do due diligence.
As I learnt, through discussions in this House and outside this House, it was not just about the rate, it was about the method.
So we need answers, I, like others, am frustrated at the time it is taking to come to a conclusion on this matter.
The results of those two evaluations are expected next year.
In order to do this, I will need your support.
It will also promote mobility between the Schengen area and third countries in a secure environment, while contributing to the fight against terrorism and serious crime, and safeguarding fundamental rights.
Jussi Halla-aho, on behalf of the ECR Group.
I have one final comment: to be clear, women and men decide for themselves.
and, most importantly, they do not feel safe in coming forward to the structures that are in place.
So let’s support each other.
At least 72 people have died in farm attacks in South Africa since the start of this year.
And even worse, every year about 25 500 people die on EU roads.
We are afforded fundamental freedoms of thought, belief, opinion and expression and, without restriction or recrimination, we are able to attend a religious place of worship.
So I implore you, Commissioner, with all the diplomatic and economic instruments the European Union has, please let us make these countries, like Pakistan, Syria, Iraq and some others, hear this.
Corina Crețu, Member of the Commission.
To this House I would say: you have become the last bastion of hope for the people we represent, and this is what the EU means to us – hope, and a guarantee that the rule of law will always be protected, because joining the EU was our way of ensuring that no politician with delusions of grandeur would ever trample on our rights again without our European partners stepping in to help us.
We stand with Malta.
The data are clear that trade has benefited a tiny elite and massively increased global inequality.
That this why in our recommendations we propose very concrete steps to be taken by the European Union in order to guarantee that our Eastern Partnership policy is a success.
I’m absolutely delighted that my country has taken the route through NATO.
That is what we see.
Mr Dorfmann talked about the Natura 2000 sites and said that a lot has been achieved.
It is also in their interest, because when we come up with directives, with legislation to protect water, air, and soil, it is in the interest not just of nature but it is in the interest of farmers themselves.
However, not all the amendments submitted by you go in the same direction.
There are more than 200 recommendations adopted by the Committee.
These rules have long been called for by the steel industry, given that goods sold below the cost of production are putting thousands of jobs at risk across the continent.
Thirdly, do not solve your problems of today at the expense of a weak group of the population.
Let me now turn to the worrying phenomenon of populism.
Looking back on our history, we can only conclude that we are lucky to be alive today, and so we must cherish the open, prosperous, diverse and peaceful societies we have built where individual freedoms are not sacrificed on the altar of so-called collective interests based on a totalitarian ideologies.
Mr President, we are not a gathering of historians.

We are allocating and promoting fruit and vegetables in various ways, not just through our promotion programmes, but through our school schemes as well.
Yes, the situation has become very difficult.
In the end, they even drive our political and policy actions.
I often hear they do not do enough.
The truck bomb attack was first of all probably a reaction to this.
The challenges that are faced by human rights defenders and advocates of reform in Madagascar are complex and substantial.
This would mean that, for the first time since the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty, three consecutive annual budgetary procedures will then have been completed successfully in conciliation without having recourse to a new draft budget to be submitted by the Commission and, consequently, a second round of negotiations.
I am convinced that the agreement reached is a good and balanced result, allowing the Union to act and to react to the various needs.
The negotiations on the Clean Energy for All Europeans package are advancing and it is now up to the co-legislators to finalise it.
Lo que sí les voy decir en este momento —ya se han referido alguna de sus señorías— es que en Bonn hubo un evento, en el marco de la CP.23, en el que aproximadamente 25 países anunciaron su intención de abandonar definitivamente el carbón, entre ellos diez de la Unión Europea.
This investment improves the daily life of Greek citizens and is helping to avoid disasters in many places.
Mr President, after months, if not years, of heated debate on how to ensure rules-based trade with the United States, it has gone awfully silent, even on the investment protection question, also known as ISDS (investor-state dispute settlement).
This means that, as Mr Pereira said earlier, depositors will have the least risk, will be the most safeguarded, with the owners in the first hand and then the subordinated debt.
Mr President, I would like to firstly congratulate Gunnar Hökmark for this negotiation, which was brought about in the informal trilogue process but also as part of the banking package.
We are working hard to make sure that no one is left behind.
The European Commission remains firmly committed to the UN Convention and to its human rights approach to disability.
At the same time, we will ensure a structured process to collect the views of stakeholders and citizens.
After recently acceding to the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities – and implementing the first European Disability Strategy – I agree that we are more than ever under pressure to offer better conditions to our citizens.
Mr Hogan, as the Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, and myself, as the Commissioner for Regional Development, are both in favour of doing something for villages in order to keep young people there: otherwise we shall be in danger of having food agglomerations and empty countryside.
Colleague, I regret to underline that this was not a question.
What they need is to have the blocks taken off their back and to do that – and there is something done here – we need to strengthen farmers’ position in the food chain and their way to make money.
More exchanges of views will follow during the Cooperation Council with Foreign Minister Abdrakhmanov, planned for 26 February in Brussels.
So what do we want to achieve with a digital trade strategy for Europe?
Alex Mayer (S&D).
We must apply maximum pressure on the Burmese military with targeted sanctions against all those involved.
We have already committed around EUR 19 million to support and accompany a democratic electoral process.
Attacks against the Supreme Court in February, as well as a blast in the diplomatic quarter of Kabul in May, illustrate this problem only too clearly.
Mr President, last year the Brussels Conference on Afghanistan showed an exceptional international commitment to the country.
We agreed at that meeting on a shared perspective to start facing the crisis, step by step, but with commitments and with strong regional and international involvement.
For example, we welcome the recent adoption by Tehran of the revised anti—narcotics law.
On Friday, in Brussels, I met with my Jordanian counterpart, and also my friend, Foreign Minister Ayman Al Safadi, and with him contacts have continued on a daily basis, actually several times a day.
We need to overcome once and for all the system of systematic detention.
I could not agree more that maximising the efficiency of our tools in promoting and protecting human rights and democracy is of the utmost importance.
The sectors most affected are mining, extractive industries, agri—business, hydroelectric dams and water rights and logging.
For my part, I strongly support the amendments, I urge colleagues to support them, too.
Finally, I would like to call on the Commission and especially on the Member States to take our recommendations seriously and to follow up on our proposals.
Both countries have fulfilled all the necessary conditions and have made significant efforts to guarantee the security of the EU’s external borders.
I think it is very important that we set standards and lead by example and, indeed, set minimum rates.
Some honourable Members mentioned that there are no data for four indicators.
But let us be clear about this progress.
Climate change has changed the game, and unfortunately this is our new reality.
I welcome this report’s focus on the sharing of best practice between Member States.
Mass migration still threatens the survival of our civilisation, our security and our culture.
No one knows them better than us.
What happens will impact on people on the ground, and I hope that going into Christmas we have given them more reassurances, not just around the Ireland issue, but on citizens’ rights and financial commitments.
This is very clear.
They do not serve in any army.
Charles Tannock, author.
So my proposal is to send it back to committee, because you can do so under Rule 175, so that we can clarify this and have a more objective examination rather than by doing it in a vote here in plenary tomorrow.
Mr President, we are at a turning point.
I believe that we can reach the targets, and even go beyond them, by opening up.
The REGI Committee appointed a standing rapporteur to follow the implementation of the new regulation – later on he will take the floor here in the debate.
The Global Climate Change Alliance Plus is embarking on further gender mainstreaming in its programmes and taking a leadership role for other EU climate funding instruments.
Over the past two years, the IAEA has confirmed in nine reports that Iran is implementing all its nuclear—related commitments under a comprehensive and strict monitoring system.
Iran was supporting Syria, saving it from the hands of Sunni extremists, and the European Union is not supporting Iran, it is supporting its enemies.
I have a picture of the very first person who was killed.
In this matter, the EU is running the risk of being perceived as acting in a high-handed and a neo-colonialist manner.
No amendments – that is a signal that the rapporteur has managed to gather almost a whole plenary behind his report.
This illustrates the convergence of security threats from the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction to cyber—proliferation and terrorism.
There are synergies with development policies, for instance, and that has been acknowledged in the recently updated EU Aid for Trade strategy.
There is a need for increased transparency;
The way forward is to consolidate these chapters and to strive for the more effective and sustainable implementation of this important pillar in our value—based trade policy.
Together we will have to set the priorities for the next Multiannual Financial Framework, balancing current policies and new areas such as migration and security.
If financial services are not involved in this deal, then there would seem to me to be very little point in actually having a deal, because you sell more to us than we buy from you.
Finally, can I say that my constituency, my home, Northern Ireland, is not a bargaining chip?
This is a different challenge and will need different measures, but we are up to it.
Mr Kamall, Article 217 Treaty makes it very clear that we can enter into an association agreement with countries of our neighbourhood, which concerns trade, security, internal security and external security.
This is very different from the policies of Iceland or New Zealand or the Falkland Islands where skippers are incentivised to take ownership of quota and where effectively the system is privatised.
This time, they will probably be among Ukrainian children.
When told in no uncertain terms that it will face unpleasant consequences and bear significant costs, the Kremlin tends to listen.
President.
Mr President, it is quite interesting that the communists and the extremist nationalists in this Chamber can’t see Russian disinformation.
They had no part in causing it, yet the effects will affect their lives profoundly.
The package the Commission adopted yesterday keeps us on this very positive track.
We need the full support of this Parliament if we are to be successful.
We have taken a very clear stance based on determination, resolve and principles.
The modern ‘slave markets’ in Libya and elsewhere, where human beings are bought and sold as cheap commodities, will not be stopped if we do not act now.
Madam President, I would like to express my thanks to all of you who participated in this debate.
Herr Präsident, Herr Kommissionspräsident, Herr Ratspräsident, Herr Premierminister!
In terms of population now there is only one country in Europe that is in the top 20 in the world, and its population is falling.
Let me put to you a couple of short questions to stimulate your reflection on this issue.
They are proud of their European culture, of their achievements, and they want to protect the European way of life.
To protect the interests of our fishermen, we have been working at each stage of the process, in close cooperation with Member States.
And as for her interest in higher education, well …
We believe that the regulation, at European and national level, of professional services should be proportionate, justified and non-discriminatory.
Migration – illicit migration routes – is at the origin of massive and gross human rights violations aimed mostly at women and defenceless children.
During the trials of peaceful campaigners Lee Ming-cheh and Tashi Wangchuk, blogger Wu Gan, and lawyer Xie Yang, we observed procedural irregularities that are inconsistent with China’s criminal procedural law and constitution.
We have addressed financial fragmentation and supported the economy, enabling inflation gradually to converge towards our objective.
The debate shows that, while we are now seeing the positive results of our policies, we should not be complacent, but should rather strive for continued improvement.
This requires a much more holistic approach, including specific car tests on health.
It is still currently the joint responsibility of Volkswagen and the Member States.
I have been told that we can only provide written answers ahead of the inquiry committee.
John Stuart Agnew, on behalf of the EFDD Group.
All in all, just 36.6% of all those people who tried to buy some goods and services from another EU Member State were able to conclude those purchases successfully.
In the frame of the definitive system based on the principle of destination, which will address tax competition, Member States would have more freedom to set their VAT rates under harmonised rules that will treat all Member States equally.
If we cannot get justice for the Kashmiris, then there will be no regional peace.
Clearly these six countries do not live up to these values yet.
That would give enlargement a more prominent presence, supplementing the usual progress reports for the countries.
These are people who have already fled their homes and suffered heavily from the longstanding Syrian war.
We must seek concrete and lasting improvements in the area of the rule of law and fundamental freedoms.
We should further support all the reform measures taken by UNRWA itself.
Can we have enough resources to implement all the objectives of our policies?
On the contrary, it can create an environment where it will be more difficult to achieve an agreement.
Congratulations, and I think that Croatia is a great member of the European Union.
When you say no new taxes, where should we get new resources from?
Maj, and which employs together more than 5 000 people – has the potential to find a strategic partner, restructure and have long-term viability of production.
The Croatian Government that I head is, as you know, a reformist government, a government which will do its utmost to make my country part of the inner circle – Schengen, the eurozone and various other forms of enhanced cooperation – and to strengthen our own internal institutions and our European credibility and responsibility.
Let us start on a positive note.
Why must so many people in this place – many of you who worked for East European totalitarian regimes – want to return to that human misery?
I realise I am the first non-white leader of any political group in this Parliament, but I’m still shocked by the lack of racial diversity not only in this House, but across all EU institutions, and if the EU is going to have any credibility on the issues of diversity and equality, it needs to get its own house in order.
Events since have done nothing to address these concerns.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 162(8))
As part of the external investment plan, together with the EIB, this Marshall Plan for Africa is of paramount importance in implementing the shift from global grants to loans, promoting investment rather than handouts.
When you talk about ordinary people, let’s talk about what this investment has delivered – like secondary schools in exotic places like Yorkshire;
In the programme of the Bulgarian Presidency we have committed to realising a presidency which is open to citizens.
This principle ensures a fair and balanced representation of citizens by Member State.
Seán Kelly (PPE).
We expect the TAP project to improve Europe’s energy security and lead to a more competitive market.
Let common sense prevail and let’s accept that the laws of nature are more powerful than the laws made by man, even by women and men in this powerful Parliament.
It is not good enough that we come here and condemn Egypt.
Egypt has human rights obligations under its EU-Egypt Association Agreement and President Sisi’s crack-down on all forms of civil society is undermining stability not increasing it.
The doubling of executions in Egypt in one year is not an exception.
So it cannot just be geography.
Mr President, the tragic routine of more than seven years of war in Syria may give us the false idea that is there is not much we can do about it other than ignore it.
This ceasefire was a poisoned gift that only served to allow Assad’s troops to advance on the ground.
We at the Commission have to add that the Treaty is leads the way here, so the Commission is, if you could put it that way, a child of Parliament and the European Council.
But Europe also need to be ambitious on programmes which have proved to be a success, such as Erasmus, the programme for science and technology or the youth initiative.
Let me however underline the fact that, after a formal decision is taken by the European Council, it will have to come back to the European Parliament so that we can have a final vote as part of the consent procedure.
Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Тhe tribunal was unique because it gave the victims an opportunity to voice the horrors they witnessed and experienced.
The other is places that simply have lower tax rates than we would like – and those places, I would argue, are providing a service by providing some constraint on the appetites of less continent governments.
We have to understand whether we have common values or not.
Mr President, congratulations to Mr Loones on his report.
We need the European Union and European banking as a real thing.
In recent years we have substantially strengthened the EU’s anti-money laundering (AML) framework, whereas the enforcement of this framework remains largely national.
Valdis Dombrovskis, Vice-President of the Commission.
We appreciate the emphasis on hawala.
James Carver (EFDD).
But, I have some questions for you, Commissioner Oettinger.
You have done the peoples of Europe a great service.
This is why I find it appalling that this Convention’s ratification is so problematic in some Member States, including my own.
The factors that authorities shall take into account in any assessment also include any relevant costs, quality of service standards and volumes, as well as tariffs of comparable parcel delivery services providers.
First, that peace is all the more urgent when the fighting gets worse;
We must be ready to face...
Honourable colleague, I don’t know whether you expect an answer to this kind of question.
Violations of freedom of religion or belief in Cuba have been on a steep rise.
The point is now to implement this agreement using this instrument, and I count on this Parliament to accompany this process as we proceed with the implementation of the agreement in all its different sectors, which also means holding the first Joint Council in May.
Indeed, there is no place for geopolitical competition when we speak about security—building, because China, Russia and Afghanistan all have a role to play in it, and I am sure today that you have enough diplomatic leverage to promote regional security cooperation.
This is what I discussed during my visit last December, if I am not mistaken, to both countries and we want to work for that example to be followed by others in the region.
Mr President, in the past few years the relations between the EU and five Central Asian partners have intensified.
Mr President, if it were up to me, the Annual Growth Survey would be called the Sustainable Growth Survey, because that is what we should be aiming for – not just any growth, but sustainable, inclusive growth: growth that benefits not just the top, but also those at the bottom.
By 2020, he may even start smiling.
Last week we adopted the Annual Work Programme for the Structural Reform Support Programme to support 24 Member States, with more than 140 projects.
Then, taking into account the importance and the proximity of the UK, the guidelines foresee robust provisions on a level playing field.
Diane James (NI).
Madam President, a key aspect of Brexit is the future relationship between the European Union and the United Kingdom after the latter has become a third state.
What we need is a super Canada deal, one that is bigger, better and deeper than the one with Canada – which is entirely achievable – and a strategic partnership agreement on foreign affairs, defence and security.
But every other Member State needs to do the same, because if we are to do the things we want to do in relation to security, Erasmus, development aid, the single market, migration or climate change, it is going to take funding.
The next attack might create far more damage than we have seen so far, and every future conflict can have a cyber dimension.
Miriam Dalli (S&D).
We need to ensure that our law enforcement authorities are provided with the necessary tools, resources and staff in order to effectively investigate and prosecute cybercrimes, and that this is done in full respect of fundamental rights and privacy expectations.
We are seeing if we can coordinate our rights in the WTO.
What do we want to do is to clear up this mess.
(Sustained applause)
This cannot occur in an environment where corruption is commonplace.
In addition to the initiatives explicitly mentioned in the regulation, we are also advancing the accompanying measures, and we are fully committed to honour the promises of a more political nature that we made during the negotiations on this regulation.
We are making available an additional EUR 800 million in the form of innovative financing instruments for the rollout of infrastructure: up to EUR 350 million through the Connecting Europe Facility (CEF) ‘Blending’ call and up to EUR 450 million through the CEF Debt or InnovFin instruments.
Wetlands, including peatlands, will be included mandatorily in the LULUCF accounting as of 2026, which was not in the Commission’s or the Council’s proposals and as such it is a win for the Parliament.
Bold regulations are essential elements of our legal framework for implementing the European Union’s 2030 commitments under the Paris Agreement.
There are a number of practical reasons which explain why this is such a complex issue to address.
It is not about taking sides in a civil war.
we represent the majority of the citizens, the population of Europe.
Several chemical attacks have been committed in this country.
We should all work together to give them a dignified future.
I would also like to say that the European Union has remained the biggest humanitarian donor in the Syrian crisis since the beginning of this crisis.
I wonder if you think that might be something that is going to be an advantage to the European Union, as well as other places – that we can bounce Europe and the United States with some sensible views?
Europe will reform, and we will become a Europe of [...]
So, once again, the Foreign Affairs Council has confirmed the unity of the European Union in our overall approach towards Russia.
It is not the Russia of its citizens;
This is not about the Russian national interests, but the interest of Mr Putin and his criminal associates.
We are the European Parliament.
First, the volume of external action funding needs to match our political ambitions.
Madam President, I would especially like to thank all the colleagues who broadly support the compromise in the resolution.
It is called checks and balances, it is the very core of democracy and, yes, that means that civil society could, for example, challenge your government or the Hungarian Government.
And one of the key elements of that, in my view, is a media sector that itself is tackling some of the problems and challenges it rightly helps one cover in wider society.
Mr President, I would like to point out one issue which was already mentioned by the rapporteur for the European Parliament’s discharge, my colleague Derek Vaughan, and that is general expenditure allowances (GEA).
Benedek Jávor (Verts/ALE), blue-card answer.
The first is a simple message to each of the joint undertakings within our remit: that citizens want to see results – the results of things that change in medicine, in the environment, in transport and airline policy, often innovations where citizens are not aware that the expenditure for those innovations has actually come from the European Union.
Indrek Tarand, rapporteur.
We have taken the first step.
Their advice on data retention, PNR, Safe Harbour: ignored!
However, we have to check where we are and whether the authorities are able to enforce the ban on this practice in all the Member States.
Věra Jourová, Member of the Commission.
New testing, too, will ensure that environmental protections are upheld.
With this proposal, once adopted, victims of unfair commercial practices, such as misleading advertising by car manufacturers not in compliance with the Union regulatory framework for type approval of vehicles or environmental legislation, will be in a position to obtain remedies collectively.
The Commission regrets that for end-of series, instead of an EU procedure, the future legislation will maintain the status quo of a national procedure which is burdensome for importers, vehicles manufacturers, national and regional authorities.
Mairead McGuinness (PPE).
But there are issues here.
Keeping in mind that competition policy is enforced, not only by the Commission but also largely by the national competition authorities, it is a good thing that the report encourages the European Competition Network Plus (ECN+) proposal so we can progress towards the strongest capacity, more resources, autonomy and transparency.
Other companies pay 23-24% in tax on average.
Your work has been quite impressive, we have to recognise, in the last years.
In this, it has been difficult to avoid one—size—fits—all approaches that failed to discriminate – and still fail to discriminate sufficiently – between north and south, island and metropole, peripheral and central.
How many vulnerable groups are on our side?
The fourth question, how does the Commission plan to address the spread of unreliable and misleading scientific information on vaccinations and to further develop information campaigns aimed at providing more in—depth knowledge about vaccines and increasing vaccination coverage?
The DUP is clear: there will be no barriers within the United Kingdom’s internal market.
Yes it is possible for Europe to be the leading continent, but is this being delivered to all regions and cities of Europe?
They continue to be driven, as many of you referred to, a policy of critical engagement from our side.
Cecilia Malmström, Member of the Commission.
These are veterans of the Israel Defence Forces.
The European Union will continue to support the process in its most effective way with all the instruments that we have.
While preparatory work should now be finalised, MEPs elected in 2019 will, following the political campaign and elections, have the democratic mandate to vote the financial package.
Children should not be detained just because they are migrants.
The recommendations of the European Commission’s Communication on the protection of children in migration of 12 April 2017 requires an urgent and strengthened implementation across EU Member States, starting with the processes of identification and registration.
Firstly, I want to thank almost all of you for your engagement and compassion and I support you along and the Commission supports you.
And perhaps in the legislative proposal that we are discussing at the moment, we could include this as a mandatory reason for the Member States to include in their strategic plan the need to look at the issue of farm safety in pillar 2.
I think maybe the Commissioner might want to take this on board because when finance is short, corners are cut, and that is also a danger, so I think we should look maybe at Pillar 2 to see how we can actually give some help to this particular area, especially in slurry-related accidents which have been very prevalent in my region.
In an effort to improve market transparency, the Commission has established a dedicated sheep and goatmeat dashboard, which is published on its website.
I can assure you that the Commission will continue supporting the sector’s efforts to become more market-orientated and secure its long-term sustainability.
Mr President, I am taking this point on behalf of my colleague Commissioner Gabriel, who unfortunately is not able to be here with you this evening.
It is an artificial creation.
An additional aspect is if we talk about subsidiarity, it is in order to take over responsibility, because when the Member States are deciding – mainly unanimously in the Council – in favour of European legislation, then they cannot complain at home that Europe was deciding on these issues.
So let’s keep regions in the heart of Europe.
Nucleaire veiligheid is niet de verantwoordelijkheid alleen van een lidstaat.
There is much that we could say in detailed response to the report, not least at this evening’s debate, which comes in the same week that the Commission, hopefully, is going to adopt and indeed publish the long-awaited legislative proposals on the future of the CAP.
There is good news definitely, the idea that farmers will not be paid for what they did decades ago – that’s a good move.
Phil Hogan, Member of the Commission.
We should also not forget the environment protection measures.
When I spoke earlier of the CAP, I referred to it as a social policy.
As part of the CAP planning process, the Commission will fully engage in accompanying Member State authorities to develop sound schemes for generational renewal, depending on the specific needs, focusing on innovative approaches, best practices and knowledge-sharing.
In order to streamline the instruments, the Commission has proposed to merge most existing financial instruments into one single investment – InvestEU.
The Commission should also examine how the collective redress could be used in cases where companies or other organisations have committed or contributed to human rights violations in third countries outside European borders.
The Nicaraguan authorities agreed to invite the Inter—American Commission on Human Rights to the country, and this was a really positive development.
So the ideal is that we set high standards here in Europe, we protect them when it is possible to do that by a tariff at our border, and therefore we enable the rest of the world to rise to our higher standards.
Our response, as laid out by the Commissioner, is WTO compatible, it is lawful and it is the right course of action.
What this visit very much underlined is the central focus of my colleague Mr Panzeri’s report, which was, as we saw for ourselves, that the international community and the EU in particular must step up its efforts to support stabilisation in Libya.
This is actually the first major reform of European trade defence instruments in 25 years.
The debate has pointed out many of the improvements to our trade defence instruments, and if you vote yes tomorrow – which I sincerely hope you will – this will now enter into force on 8 June, and we will thereby be much better equipped for future challenges.
Free movement is the right that European citizens cherish most, but it must be organised.
This is the reason why in the Council this text has gained support from a large majority of Member States across Europe, from east to west and from north to south.
We organise consultations and collect opinions before the legislative process, but we lack the citizens’ assessment during the implementation.
I am convinced that this issue of granting EU citizenship or residence permits should continue to be followed, in order to raise awareness and possibly to curb practices that could be problematic.
I completely agree with the vast majority of your remarks and, above all, thank you for your commitment to taking action as soon and as far as possible.
Overall, gender analyses are increasingly informing our new initiatives.
Whether we like it or not, our countries are interdependent.
The Commission supports Member States’ efforts on family and child policies through political guidance, including in the context of the European Semester.
The Pillar constitute the EU’s main implementation tool for translating the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals into a European context.
I would just say that Iran must start behaving in a more reasonable way, with respect for other countries and their citizens, if it wishes to be taken seriously and treated with respect by the rest of the world.
What is worse, they seek to export their medieval values worldwide.
Julie Ward (S&D).
The role of the European Union in Sudan raises serious concerns.
How we can deal with the responsibility of the European Union in contributing to finding solutions to this very complicated and controversial situation should be the matter of the debate.
However, perhaps most notable in this report – and it has been mentioned by previous speakers – are the credible arrangements to bring pension funds into the scope of the clearing obligation somewhat sooner than was envisaged, against the backdrop of a number of extensions that have already taken place.
My thanks to the rapporteur and to the shadows.
the share of the market that should be centrally cleared cannot go down, it has to go up.
Adding to this, the skills of the workforce have not kept up with the increasing sophistication of the economy and the switch in exports from labour-intensive to high-technology sectors.
Let’s not ever forget in this Parliament, our national parliaments, or indeed in regional local government as well, that every young person everywhere has the right, regardless of their background, to achieve their full potential and their aspirations.
Back then, the Commission had launched an ambitious digital education action plan.
Madam President, debate over the use of the seas and the right of the common people to fish is hardly new.
This being said, the one—size—fits—all approach cannot be applied regarding recreational fisheries.
We have to start talking about what we gain from enlargement: about the well-educated regions, the new markets, creating stability, creating lasting peace, etc. – what our citizens will gain.
However, it would be hard to blame people in the UK for having no confidence in the current UK Government to get anything right on the railways.
Any other alternative could have tragic consequences and it would make us all less secure, with no exceptions.
The situation will need a diplomatic solution.
We know the conflictuality of the region and some of you were perfectly right: the risk of slipping into a major scale conflict is real.
Furthermore, we must continue our full political and financial support for advocates of liberty, democracy and human rights throughout the world.
The 2008 invasion was a major Russian open attack against the European order and was followed by the annexation of Crimea and the war in Eastern Ukraine.
The EU-NATO joint declaration and the subsequent implementation actions mark a new and substantive phase of the strategic partnership.
I will move to the other side of the plenary in a minute.
clearly so.
Tamás Meszerics, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.
Hence, the need for support for these reforms in the context where many interests can play against, especially in pre-election years.
I wish to conclude by saying that clear-cut responsibilities also remain with us, the EU: the EU’s policies and conditions must be tailored in such a way that eventually help to protect Ukraine’s independence and do not jeopardise the socio-economic life of its people.
We need to deepen Europe’s innovation capability and nurture, in particular, breakthrough and disruptive innovation.
It will discuss measures on the Banking Union and to further develop the European Stability Mechanism, and will provide additional guidance on the way forward.
We all know the pictures of overcrowded camps in Greece.
I believe that a compromise can be found, and I hope it will be found soon.
Something is missing in this instrument.
I think this is the quickest way to upgrade the European Parliament to a fully—fledged participant in defining economic policy goals and improving the democratic oversight of European governance.
Pacta sunt servanda – this applies to all of us.
My third general remark: you were all shouting when Commissioner Timmermans by accident or by mistake referred to Moscow rather than Warsaw.
Everybody needs to take up their responsibilities and play their role in solidarity.
We have made significant progress since the establishment of the European Borders and Coast Guard, but we need to continue.
So far, 13 000 have arrived this year, compared with 90 000 last year.
Our migration policy can only succeed if we work together in a spirit of solidarity and sincere cooperation and, most importantly, with trust.
The topic is of crucial importance, and it is my hope that we will be able to find a common solution quickly.
Almost 47 million citizens will be affected by that.
Member States should continue to provide multi-disciplinary support to children and families from disadvantaged backgrounds, such as Roma children.
But it is also the economic aspects of the education of languages.
Illegal poaching and the illegal ivory trade will not stop as long as legal trade in any form is open.
Here the Commission is already promoting sustainable cultural tourism through a dedicated European initiative as part of the European Year of Cultural Heritage.
In 2014, the European Institute for Gender Equality has estimated that the cost of violence against women in the European Union could amount to billions, or to be more precise, EUR 109 billion per year.
Some Member States, regretfully, are still reluctant to support EU accession to the Convention.
The Netherlands is willing to pay its share, but countries with a comparable level of prosperity must make a comparable net contribution per capita.
Mr Batten, you addressed Brexit.
Would you agree with me that, in order to address the migration problem, we need to get to the root causes, and that is the failed states – many of which we’ve interfered in – like Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya?
Prime Minister, you spoke about the rule of law and said that this should apply to every state.
In the long term, we have to work for a European army, but in the short term I think it would be much more cost efficient if we could do this together from the start.
There is a majority in this House for an ambitious European project.
The European Union should do everything in its power to call for his immediate and unconditional release and provide for humanitarian assistance to him and all the other political prisoners held in custody in Russia and the occupied territories.
The international community must do its utmost to find a sustainable approach to the tragic situation, but the Myanmar authorities should bear in mind that ethnic cleansing does not go without punishment.
Importantly, the European Parliament has identified similar issues related to technological progress.
Let me call on Council Members to work on a common functional and effective solution and not allow this crisis to get out of control.
Let me stress that the social and market aspects of road transport are two sides of the same coin.
On the contrary, they lead to fairness and enforcement that rewards those that want to play the game within the law.
The European Union and I were co-chairing in order to make this pledging conference for the DRC a reality, regardless of the participation of the Congolese government.
Not a single suspect case has been reported in the capital, Kinshasa.
So as always, not only do I believe your vote tomorrow will be a very important moment, but also let me say also that your daily work in this particular context will be extremely important and helpful.
This is evidenced by the report that we have launched which highlights how your country still allows wealthy Austrian citizens to park their money away in Liechtenstein, a country that sells passports to dubious individuals or shows little enthusiasm in fighting money laundering.
The practice of administrative bullying of international transport companies in some Member States has already shown this.
Public finances had to be put on a sound footing, competitiveness needed restoring, the economy had to be made more open and modernised and the negative spill—overs of all this to the financial sector needed to be addressed.
The recent agreement on debt relief is the last of several improvements in Greece’s lending terms since 2012.
We agreed that EUR 15 billion will be disbursed after the national parliaments in a number of Member States have had their say, and this can happen as soon as next week.
Secondly, the Commission, and I particularly want to thank Commissioner Oettinger for his generous help and support.
It takes a correction, which it knows has been applied only in certain areas of the budget, areas where the Commission and various Member States had made corrections from their own earlier audits, and it applies that percentage correction across the entire Commission budget, thus presenting a flawed and false figure in the final accounts.
The framework has been operational for almost two years and, as required, we are continuously monitoring its functioning.
I would also like to underline that the information exchange requirements under the Act, as such, are similar to those in our EU directive on mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation and to the OECD global Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information, which is currently being implemented by over 100 jurisdictions.
If you do not take the migrants then you cannot have the money, and you have found that when you have outside interference in your country from such as multi-billionaire George Soros, who seeks to interfere in your nation’s life, as he does in mine, then the EU tells you that you cannot oppose him.
Mr President, I would say to the Prime Minister: it’s fun to talk about European dreams and not participate in European solidarity, isn’t it?
In order to uphold this right, elections have to be accessible.
I think that we are all members of political parties and we should take it as our homework as well, our personal homework, to go to our political parties and to speak about the need for more diversity.
I think that diversity, as I said, is very important and we can all do something very concrete, something which can be done today, tomorrow, in our political groups so as to have more people with disabilities participating actively in the elections.
As someone who has visited Somalia on four occasions, I am probably the Member here who has visited the country more times than anybody else and I feel far more qualified to speak in this area.
This is not a point relating to Brexit.
We must make sure that a mission funded by the EU implements its mandate fully in order to protect civilians.
My particular thanks go to the rapporteur, Ms Trüpel, and her shadow rapporteurs.
I believe that this is a good report.
Language technologies are an essential component of any digital device or service we use nowadays.
These two young people have been working on the island of Lesbos for the last few months for one of the many grassroots organisations based in southern Europe who have had to step into the gap left by the failure of European leaders to provide protection for vulnerable migrants arriving through perilous routes across the Mediterranean.
This debate is not about condemning, sanctioning and accusing.
They are issues we have with the Hungarian Government on the basis of, in our view, rules that are not being respected.
Karoline Edtstadler, President-in-Office of the Council.
Through the supervisory role of the Commission, Hungarian operational programmes for EU structural and investment funds have been the subject of the highest amount of financial corrections in 2016 and 2017 of all the EU Member States.
It means no publishers’ rights, but presumption rights.
The proposals have been widely criticised as a means of introducing censorship to the internet and social media, and it has been criticised by no less a person than Sir Tim Berners-Lee, the creator of the World Wide Web.
Mr President, I really can’t decide whether the thrust of this report is anti—American or simply anti—President Trump.
Madam President, I might take a few minutes more at the beginning but I promise I’ll be brief in my concluding remarks.
The vote will take place on Wednesday, 12 September 2018.
However, the Commission chose a different approach.
The new rules are aligned with high data protection regulation standards and, for example, like in GDPR, this regulation guarantees certain rights to citizens, such as the right to know what kind of personal data an EU institution holds about you, as well as the right to ask for the correction or even deletion of those data.
no more papers and hours of waiting in long queues in public places.
This Commission promised us a triple A on social issues.
We have Brexit.
They took the necessary steps and we rescued Europe and the euro with the policy that we invented and we established.
Stable budgets and an ambitious reform programme are necessary for a good economic future.
I ask the Romanian Government to stop the risks regarding the fight against corruption in Romania because they are harming the decision—making process towards Bulgaria and Croatia in the same way.
We are convinced of that, otherwise we would not have voted for you.
You are charming man, President Juncker, and I love listening to you, but when you were talking today, I thought, ‘my God, we are living in two different worlds’.
That was your most important proposal, and my proposal, Jean-Claude, is that you be ambitious.
Do you remember that, four years ago?
Finally, Hungary seems to have been singled out for political reasons.
Why do we not speak about the US violating the sovereignty of other states.
Mr President, the recent EU-China summit has witnessed the fact that both parties are stepping up their cooperation in many fields, including security, defence, anti-terrorism and climate change.
The Commission recommends that Member States promote an annual celebration – of course on a voluntary basis – of a Day of the European Union in schools.
Ms McGuinness has very rightly raised questions.
We are doing our job.
So we ask once again that the prison sentences be reviewed and that the two journalists be released immediately and unconditionally.
I discussed the issue with all my interlocutors at the ASEAN regional forum last month in Singapore, in particular with Bangladesh and also with China and Indonesia.
We’ve also made it clear to the Myanmar authorities that our trade preferences with Myanmar are linked to clear conditions on human rights and democracy and that to preserve our current trade arrangements we need to see decisive action to improve the situation.
The approach suggested by Parliament, of adding some clarification as to the meaning of non-duplication, should address the concerns expressed by some Member States in the Council.
In terms merely of transaction fees, we have an OECD study to the effect that EUR 130 billion in hidden fees is the cost in Europe alone per year.
All the other curves are going down, but transport is rising.
- the report by Tibor Szanyi, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on rates of value added tax (COM)(2018)0020 – C8-0023/2018 – 2018/0005 (CNS)) (A8-0279/2018).
This will reduce dispersion in the VAT rates across the EU and benefit final consumers.
Furthermore, in the future, reduced rates must clearly be of benefit to citizens, because they are the final consumers paying the VAT.
We mustn’t forget that the results of fascism in Europe are tragic.
We are interconnected with each other.
In this context, Chancellor Kurz and the President of the European Council, President Tusk, recently met President Al-Sisi in Cairo and in New York to intensify cooperation.
You seem really outraged about a lot of things.
Why is there is opposition to this?
In that sense, I honestly believe the challenge we are facing – To bridge the Mediterranean – is of the same magnitude as the challenge our grandparents faced to bridge the Rhine after the Second World War, and the challenge we faced when we were younger, to bridge the Elbe after the fall of the Berlin Wall.
This update to the current EU VAT system will be particularly needed in years to come, as fraud continues to increase and to become an even more pressing issue.
In parallel, there are important initiatives underway to ensuring upwards convergence in these areas, and here I am referring in particular to the recently agreed framework for minimum income benchmarking which includes indicators for defining adequacy of benefits.
They may also impose penalties on users that do not provide access to data, but they may not deviate from the free flow principle by relocalising the data for a long period without the Commission first giving its permission.
It was clear that at the European level, we needed to prevent actions which would have put our digital future at risk, including ill—advised national measures restricting this free flow.
Mr President, money laundering is a huge economic problem but also a risk for security and financial stability in the European Union.
But that is not enough: we all remember the ‘Azerbaijani laundromat’ and the problems related to the use of crypto-assets for the financing of corruption or terrorism.
Juliane Bogner-Strauss, President—in—Office of the Council.
The Tories are still negotiating with themselves, and the ‘Dancing Queen’ is twirling on the head of a pin to the fairytale tune of Boris and Rees-Mogg – the Brothers Grimm – with their ‘supercalifragilisticexpialidocious’ Mary Poppins Brexit plan.
Do you see the current processes in Romania as a healthy democratic development of your country Prime Minister?
We preach loudly on human rights, on democracy, but we carry no stick at all, in Europe, not even a small twig I should say.
On this point I couldn’t agree more.
This is all part of the international and regional human rights instruments adopted by Belarus.
Failure to respect these commitments should result in the EU’s resolute action in Belarus.
Mr President, we would not support the proposal, but for a different reason, namely that at the last plenary we had a debate with almost exactly the same title, the role of local and regional authorities.
We have strongly supported the 7th replenishment of the Global Environment Facility with a commitment of about EUR 1.9 billion, accounting for over 50% of the total contributions.
Securing this outcome is necessary to make the Paris Agreement operational.
We would firmly state that this needs to be achieved through the mobilisation of special instruments and not at the expense of cohesion policy.
Helga Trüpel, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education.
If we agree that something is important, we have to finance it adequately as well.
Last week, the Foreign Affairs Council – all 28 Foreign Ministers of the EU Member States – agreed to demand, united, a credible and transparent investigation.
Mr President, when an authoritarian regime appears to be involved in the brutal murder of a citizen in one of its consulates, as seems to have happened with the journalist Mr Khashoggi, democratic governments have two possible reactions: putting human dignity above all or clinging to the economic interests that tie them to this regime.
In the meantime, we must continue to use the tools at our disposal against illiberal governments.
Mr President, firstly I would like to thank Carlos Coelho and Jeroen Lenaers, the rapporteurs, for the great job and balanced solution.
There is a saying in German that ‘wo ein Will ist, ist auch ein Weg’, or in English ‘where there’s a will, there’s a way’, but my favourite translation is the French one, ‘quand on veut, on peut’.
Several of these measures were initiated by the Commission itself, with support from the Chair of the Board.
We should focus on addressing this, rather than trying to point-score by taking dangerous steps to suspend the privacy shield which is proposed in the resolution we will vote on later.
Madam President, 1.2 million bathtubs’ worth.
I call upon the Commission and the Council to follow that up with concrete action and find the money for the European Union Agency for Railways.
A lot of the plastic that’s in our seas from food and drink packaging can be replaced with something more sustainable.
It’s about time we decide the endless cheap chase after cheap food and ever-higher yields must end.
Among many other things, this means faster deployment of more efficient transport systems, low— and zero—emission vehicles and increased use of alternative energy sources.
The Agency does this by targeted compliance checks of the registration dossiers that matter most through its so-called integrated regulatory strategy.
Now every proposal of course seems to founder on the question of the Irish border, but given the slight state of panic that German industry is now getting itself into – and maybe that’s not surprising because a WTO deal would lead not just to tariffs on German cars, but a weaker pound and probably a more competitive UK economy – the time has come to look for answers.
I also welcome the notion of restrictive measures, although I point to the huge challenge in the attribution of attacks.
I think that it’s important that we take all this achievement and put that in our fight for change, for making the market, the industry and globalisation serve citizens.
I think it’s also true to say that, if there was a scandal tomorrow on the medical devices industry, this Chamber would be full, so we need to understand that.
Each Member State has to come forward by the end of this year.
For every 1% improvement in energy efficiency, three million homes can be properly renovated and seven million people lifted out of energy poverty.
The Commission notes the agreement of the co-legislators relating to Article 16 by which a strategic plan should be presented for methane.
Because in the Mediterranean the Member States are not alone.
Rory Palmer (S&D).
The population of Greater Europe at the beginning of the 20th century was one—third of the world population.
We will focus our support on commercial justice, which is one of the few areas where Georgia still needs to undertake reforms.
On this, the High Representative and I immediately expressed strong concerns and called to take appropriate measures to ensure that the results of the elections reflect the will of the voters.
The European Union wishes for nothing more, but nothing less.
Undoubtedly, as stressed by rapporteur Lösing, greater parliamentary scrutiny at the national and EU level can further incentivise convergence.
The EU framework governing arms exports mainly revolves around the EU Common Position on arms exports adopted in 2008.
A number of countries in our close neighbourhood, mainly in the eastern neighbourhood, have aligned with the criteria of the EU Common Position.
We need to stick to our proposals, otherwise I’m afraid we won’t be able to support an MFF that is not up to the current challenges.
And let us not forget the necessity to achieve unanimity in the Council.
Alex Mayer (S&D).
And of course many of these Eurosceptic groups on the right, the centre and the left will come back here after the next European elections in huge numbers directly as a result of your immigration and asylum policy.
The French Finance Minister, Mr Le Maire, believes the EU must be an ‘empire’, in his words.
how to deal with the threats within it (that has been mentioned many times in this discussion);
Allow me to express our sincere appreciation for the contribution that the European Union – and in this case the European Parliament – have made not only to the development of South Africa, but also towards the achievement of progress across the African continent.
We need transparency of politically—funded advertisements and in the use of micro—targeting.
Finally, let me say that I call on the Commission to analyse the current situation and to address the legal framework needed in order to prevent interference.
They are  excellent and we are failing to support them.
It is indeed, as Mr Liberadzki already said, a unique opportunity to improve rail passengers’ protection and, at the same time, to ensure further development of the rail sector, which also has an essential role to play in the development of multi-modal, integrated mobility as a service solution and in decarbonisation of transport.
Of course, I spent some extra money.
Madam President, this recast updates the current EU legislation in line with the latest decisions made at international level under the Stockholm Convention.
I am aware that not all Members of this House are supportive of ECHA – they don’t particularly support it as an organisation – but in my former role as Parliament’s ECHA liaison person for many years, I witnessed at first hand the excellent work that they do.
Unless they are more energy efficient we will never make progress.
Firstly, ensuring compliance is absolutely necessary for the effectiveness of any regulatory requirements.
Mr President, the resolution is based on petitions by non—German parents in binational couples, which alerted Parliament to cases of alleged discriminatory, judicial and administrative procedures related to family disputes on parental responsibility and child custody.
This is a huge number, but the reunification of such families has not been taken for granted, and in some cases becomes a nightmare for parents.
Thus, the disease may go undetected, with the subsequent risk of developing serious chronic manifestations.
The Digital Security Act has gagged the media and all those who criticise the government and the harassment and intimidation of journalists and activists grows on a daily basis.
It is the EU folly, along with the absence of a proper relationship which will cause Europe to collapse.
A strong economic and monetary union is vital to the stability and prospects of the euro area, but as the Prime Minister has often said, it is equally important for the European Union as a whole.
Nevertheless, the unity of our union is put into question.
We are talking about human existence on this planet, so we cannot risk missing this contribution to curbing global warming at 1.5°.
The e-card system, which would have made it easier for professionals to work across borders, was blocked here.
We need to use this opportunity to trigger negotiations on social and environmental standards in order to make sure that trade delivers on sustainable development.
When the WTO was created the world looked very different to the one we have today, so it needs to be updated.
As you say, the WTO is now under huge pressure and experiencing a very, very severe crisis and, even though the WTO is not perfect, without the WTO, we would not be well off.
We strongly believe that the authorities should guarantee a safe climate conducive to the unhindered exercise of freedom of expression and the independence of the media as a matter of priority.
We regret the introduction of tariffs by Kosovo on products originating from Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
(Applause)
With regard to elections, Montenegro’s authority needs to address all irregularities reported by international observers.
However, I have to mention the low trust in the electoral framework and the prolonged parliamentary boycott still enacted by some opposition parties.
It is only through Euro-Atlantic integration that the Western Balkan states can be reconciled with their very difficult past and build their stronger future together.
Montenegro is advancing towards EU accession at a steady pace with the support of its citizens for the strategic goal of the country.
We cannot talk about the inclusion of academic freedom in the Copenhagen criteria for EU candidate countries without referring to the case of Hungary, a Member State that has been through the accession process.
No, Mr Barnier, I have to say I wish you were on our side really, because it’s game, set and match to you.
On the other hand it is equally clear that while the EU has safeguarded all its imperatives, the UK has retreated along all lines of engagement.
This unprecedented partnership, which should take the form of an association agreement, shall fully respect the integrity of the single market and the autonomy of our legal order.
Certainly, the British government entered into negotiations in a spirit of goodwill, aiming for a positive future partnership.
And by the way, I think a lot of people have been very cross in Britain about the discourteous way in which our Prime Minister seems often to have been treated.
The countdown has to be tough on these issues as we move forward.
We all support it.
The Commission has undertaken important legislative initiatives for fostering the participation of persons with disabilities in society and for promoting gender equality.
Finally, regarding the other amendment from the EPP on large carnivores: I know it’s a political debate and it’s worthwhile having that debate here, but putting it among the general objectives of the LIFE programme, which talks about climate, environment and biodiversity in general terms, and then adding large carnivores as equal to those general objectives doesn’t make a lot of sense to me.
First, I would like to start with the issue of increased funding.
They have also developed tools to help with policy implementation.
Pedro Silva Pereira, Rapporteur.
In conclusion, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this important agreement.
This is an agreement with a friend and an ally.
Firstly, to enforce and fully integrate the East StratCom Task Force.
I share your views.
However, despite its positive aspects, the deal continues to raise questions.
The success of European Ukraine is seen by the Kremlin as a direct danger and this is completely wrong.
Deal or no deal, postponement of Brexit or no postponement, the European Union has a vital interest in the United Kingdom being a stable and predictable third country.
Juliane Bogner-Strauss, President-in-Office of the Council.
And in that sense, I think we need coordinated action to make that a just transition.
Let’s pull them together and make sure that we come into a concept of sustainable equality.
You then find out – because there’s such a huge amount, and it always would be the case with such a huge state, with such huge money – that sometimes it goes in directions you don’t like.
It is an indispensable element of a business-friendly environment which enables prosperity and jobs in the internal market.
On Council transparency: yes, on the opacity of decision-making, I think Ms Auken pointed to the fact that this is really about the exercising of every citizen’s right to participate in our democracy, and of course that is the cornerstone of the inquiry and that is essentially why we’re doing it.
In our proposal for an interinstitutional agreement, we have suggested to extend this principle to the Parliament and the Council.
Andrejs Mamikins (S&D).
Jarosław Wałęsa, on behalf of the PPE Group.
We must not be naive but must preserve Europe’s strategic interest.
The effects will not go away overnight, but today I see a recovering labour market and economy – growing by over 4% in 2017 and continuing at an impressive rate this year.
In 2013, he started to work on his second film, Rhinoceros, the casting was done and he was planning to start filming, but the work was halted as a result of the events on Maidan.
Soon I should have the results also of an analysis of EU orphan medicines legislation.
By working together we can share data and expertise, overcome fragmentation and geographical disadvantages and guarantee patients the right diagnosis.
Member States and relevant EU stakeholders are continuously working with the Commission to develop and review the European Union’s strategic approach on ASF and this legislation.
You mentioned the budget and the financial assistance for farmers affected, who are in the front line of the problem, but how can the Commission take immediate measures to stop the disease from spreading?
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 162(8))
In recent weeks, Bosnia and Herzegovina has deployed 180 additional police officers to improve border security.
And I want to urge all the Members here to support the ‘winter coats for Calais’ campaign.
Secondly, the report is based on the previous rapporteur’s – Ms Lalonde’s – work, despite serious allegations of conflicts of interests.
So I would appeal to everyone that we will have this debate, and I would particularly ask Mr Verhofstadt to reconsider his opposition to a debate, because he’s a forerunner of transparency and from the Conference of Presidents I’ve been told that you were not in favour of an open, transparent debate on this matter.
In this context, I would like to thank your House for having set up this excellent Special Committee on the Union’s authorisation procedure for pesticides (PEST) last year, notably following the Commission’s report on the implementation of the Directive on the Sustainable Use of Pesticides, the European Citizens’ Initiative and the debate on glyphosate.
The report calls for stronger interinstitutional cooperation.
So let me tell you what our expectations are, our wishes for the kind of Europe we’d like to project using the Sibiu summit.
Fighting those who are fighting corruption is not acceptable.
Inflation drifted downwards.
And the factors deal primarily with some slowdown in China, of course, but with what we call geopolitical uncertainties.
And here, the natural question to ask is how long will these geopolitical uncertainties last.
The establishment of both a backstop and better legislation, hopefully, coming out on the non-performing loans will be a part of that, and the BRRD as such also clarifies that all those who invest in a bank are taking a risk.
That is what British business will, and must, do – escape from a 19th century-style customs union to a more entrepreneurial and liberating future.
I would like to thank Parliament once more for its continued support and for the swift adoption and I am confident that under the Romanian Presidency we shall reach a partial, general approach – this is on the provisional agenda of the Employment, Social Affairs, Health and Consumer Affairs Council (EPSCO) March meeting – so this is already an answer to one of the questions by the rapporteur.
In total in 2018, approximately 150 000 irregular arrivals were registered at our external borders in the Mediterranean.
With the tight schedule ahead of us, it is indeed paramount to be ready and steady when the next programming period starts.
This is all the more important as European Territorial Cooperation embodies the very essence of our European project: getting together beyond boundaries to address common challenges.
However, while the context has changed and irregular migrant arrivals have dropped drastically, certain political attitudes have unfortunately not changed and so we find ourselves here again.
They will serve as a bridge until the new Dublin regulation becomes applicable.
I’ll give you just one example.
Ce soutien populaire, qui, très souvent, n’est pas pris en compte par les commentaires sur l’Europe, explique évidemment la solidité de l’euro et de la zone euro.
Daniel Hannan (ECR).
The Commission is also using infringement proceedings to address values—related violations of EU law by Member States.
We have not spoken too much about the shrinking space of civil society.
So can we say that late payments are a problem of the past?
In fact, by mid-July we had surpassed this goal, providing support to investments through the mobilisation of EUR 335 billion, and we’re well on track on delivering the target of EUR 500 billion by 2020.
We take their demands and recommendations very seriously, and we just had a celebration of 10 years of the complaints mechanism at the Bank, together with European Ombudsman, the Secretary—General of the European Ombudsman, and that was a very encouraging event.
For instance, it’s Greece, Estonia, Portugal, Bulgaria and Lithuania which are the top five recipients of EFSI financing by GDP in 2018, and that I think is a remarkably good result.
That holding has a book value of EUR 39 billion.
Finally, I want to thank Parliament for the great commitment to advancing this Multiannual Financial Framework package as much as possible.
But perhaps more significantly, she hasn’t learned or heeded the historical lesson that if you appease bullies, they always come back for more.
But this is not the moment for insisting on being right, much less for revenge or retaliation.
An overwhelming majority voted against the Withdrawal Agreement and the Political Declaration.
Let me put it differently.
As I said, the only other option would be to go back to the British people to decide between Brexit, as negotiated, or to remain in the European Union.
Herr Präsident!
This is one important pillar of our Generalised Scheme Preferences (GSP) tariff reduction scheme for developing countries.
The findings of these investigations confirm that there is indeed a surge of imports of rice that has caused economic damage to the rice sector in the EU.
With his release date fast approaching and the authorities now seeking to press further charges that could see him remain in prison for another five to seven years, those suspicions are fully justified.
Furthermore, all sides should exercise restraint and abstain from any further violence in order to de—escalate the situation.
Is there – and this is a question – a political affinity between you, Mr Schöpflin, and your Group after it split up on the Sargentini report which called for the activation of Article 7 against Hungary, led by your party?
I wouldn’t share it with you, sir.
Or should my EPP colleague get away with it if I say that they lynch me?
Clearly Venezuela finds itself at a difficult moment and nothing that we must do now must result in an escalation of violence or a military intervention.
Nothing more, nothing less.
Thank you too.
That’s always very welcome.
Public work, it’s true, but 100 000 could make it to the normal work spheres.
The second thing: we have to reflect the digital revolution, because when you realise how difficult it is for many Europeans to keep up to speed with technological changes, and how easily a gulf could open if you do not help communities like the Roma to do this, we risk making a fatal mistake.
We implemented reforms, improving public finances, including social and healthcare reform and pension reform.
We can’t walk away from science.
But it’s too easy for one individual to do this, and we need common action in three forms.
Sustainability is the key word when we talk about financial discipline, and the EU will always have the EPP on a national level, and on a European level with us as the EPP, and Jyrki is also working on this on your side.
Mr President, after the last speech I will come back to normality.
Also, the Commission will keep the Parliament regularly informed of the implementation of this agreement and will also provide reports both on the catches and on the use of the EU financial contributions.
However, there is still a long way to go to reach gender equality within the European Union and it is regrettable that gender mainstreaming is not consistently implemented in all EU activities, which prevents the effective implementation of measures to combat gender discrimination and promote gender equality.
The functioning of the EU, serving the interests and the daily problems of people in all the 28 Member States of the European Union is in focus, and here we have the red line between fundamental rights to political control over the Commission.
So, in that sense, the Commission welcomes the report and, as you know, we will give a full reaction to it later, in conformity with Treaty rules.
Why are they protesting?
Projects under the Programme for Environment and Climate Action (LIFE) also contribute significantly to supporting the active involvement of all those concerned and a participatory approach, in order to find solutions based on coexistence.
This year we will also host, at the European Parliament in Brussels, a day of dialogue with Ministers, international NGOs and civil society representatives from Syria, Lebanon, Jordan and Turkey.
This was their first joint trip abroad as newly elected Presidency members, a token of their commitment to advance towards the EU in line with what the citizens of their country demand.
Steven Woolfe (NI).
We value that partnership very much and we are committed to ensuring that it will become even stronger.
One concrete thing that we should do together with the LGBTI Intergroup is to carry out some assessment of how the List of Actions worked: what are the achievements, and what things should be changed in the future LGBTI action plan.
We’re still in the Middle Ages.
I would like to begin by stating very clearly that violence and discrimination have no place in European society.
The European Court of Human Rights ruled that the condition of compulsory sterilising surgery or treatment for legal gender recognition violated Article 8 of the Convention.
A common European approach will impact and shape national health policies, research and education and bring this beneficial treatment to those in need.
This is a Member State competence, which means that each national authority will decide whether it is legal in its territory.
In December 2018, the agency published a report on medical use of cannabis and cannabinoids, as well as questions and answers for policy making.
This is about a Europe that protects.
For the S&D Group it is a priority that the European Union and all its Member States increase their efforts to help the sustainable use of pesticides.
I am convinced that we have broad support for this report for the implementation of the directive in a good way.
A directive allows Member States room for manoeuvre when it comes to transposition.
It is, at least for me, hard to justify, or even to understand, how bad agricultural practices are still harming the very resources that sustainable agriculture depends on.
In proposing such harmonisation of national HTA methodologies, we had actually responded to the previous calls for action from Parliament.
Indrek Tarand (Verts/ALE), blue-card answer.
This is why they were also speedy.
Allow people to look into this.
We cannot accept double standards.
Mr President, this has been a useful exchange and I thank the honourable Members for their interventions.
So let me conclude by saying that we will give careful consideration to all the suggestions you made in your report and we intend to address all the customs issues highlighted by this House.
Like we did one year ago, we must call on the authorities of the Chechen Republic of the Russian Federation to immediately and unconditionally release Oyub Titiev, and also address the situation of human rights defenders, including the massive persecution and extrajudicial killing of LGBTI people.
Cecilia Malmström, Member of the Commission.
Let me conclude that it is in the interests of all to foster a more transparent dialogue.
This deal was voted through the LIBE Committee with a considerable majority.
I’m a supporter of the initiative and I’m very pleased with the report as voted in the Committee on Culture and Education.
It is also needed since the European Solidarity Corps will newly integrate the former EU Aid Volunteers programme, providing possibilities to volunteer in third countries struck by a humanitarian crisis.
Julia Reda, Rapporteur.
Madam President, I wish to thank the rapporteurs, both Angelika Niebler and Julia Reda, all the shadow rapporteurs and associated committees, for their constructive efforts to deal with these two critical legislative files as a matter of urgency.
In conclusion, can I reiterate my appreciation to all the Members of the House, to the rapporteurs in particular, and to the Austrian Presidency, which has shown very strong support for this initiative that will protect not only the interests but in some cases the very survival of our farmers, as Mr Tarabella has said.
The messages that I have heard today are clear: we must work with our Vietnamese partners to set out an ambitious course for this Agreement to be implemented effectively.
Tibor Navracsics, Member of the Commission, on behalf of the Vice—President of the Commission / High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
In December 2018, the EU adopted an action plan against disinformation, responding to the European Council’s call for a coordinated response to challenges, particularly with a view to the forthcoming European elections.
and in the establishment of a European women’s mediator network, and in gender budgeting.
Could a horizontal human rights sanction regime usefully fill such a gap and offer a more flexible approach?
Much has happened in these 15 years and our relationship has been difficult at many times.
limitations to press and internet freedom;
There is no such thing as partial integration.
Back in December 2015, we tabled an ambitious proposal.
The EU wants to turn all of us into a spy state.
Is that the purpose of the Visegrád Group, Prime Minister Pellegrini?
it shows leadership in Europe.
We will keep working constructively, openly and responsibly, including our UK citizens, who remain European citizens.
In the 2017 general election, 80% of our people, the British people, voted for parties to deliver Brexit.
You do indeed.
What is that sovereignty going to bring to you if you live that pipe dream?
The next rendezvous will be the informal summit in Seville, which will be a key moment to discuss and start shaping that long-term agenda.
Brexit was made by populism, by easy answers, and they cannot give us any kind of answer now as to how they want to deal with this Brexit outcome.
I think we should do it because Europe is a strong superpower when it comes to trade.
That would make it WTO compatible and the sums are not negligible for the European Union either, so we are not giving anything away.
Thank you very much for your attention and for the contribution of the European Parliament, in particular the rapporteurs, on this important topic.
In particular, Member States have decided to proceed with a revision of the ESM treaty in an intergovernmental framework.
Insisting that the European Monetary Fund should be integrated as of now in the Community method exacerbates this tension and hampers forward movement.
Secondly, the accountability of the successor of the European Monetary Fund (EMF) to the European Parliament and national parliaments will be crucial.
Mr President, when protests in Nicaragua began in April 2018, it became obvious that these were not protests against austerity measures, but protests by people fighting for their rights and freedoms.
This should be taken into account when preparing long-term low greenhouse gas emission development strategies at EU and national level.
Tomorrow is our first vote for higher targets.
Next year we should have the results of the evaluation of the EU animal welfare strategy.
There, I fully agree with Mr Marias when he says you have to make sure you can convince the people there is a sustainable future for them in this, with a decent job, with decent salaries, with decent social protection.
There is no need not to vote.
These are institutions whose functioning has a substantial impact on the everyday lives of European citizens and on their perception of the effectiveness of law-making within the Union.
This was particularly important in the area of cohesion, where the Court has introduced a new approach: for the first time, it checked assurance packages submitted by Member States for the current programming period.
A simpler, more transparent and more predictable regulatory framework is essential to ensure the effective and correct management of EU funds.
Let me congratulate you again for your determination and success in concluding Parliament’s first—reading position in a timely manner.
I look forward to the debate and to tomorrow’s vote, and I thank you so much.
I believe this third generation of the IPA instrument covering the period from 2021 to 2027 will be modernised and streamlined to reflect lessons learned while implementing ongoing IPA programmes.
Madam President, pre-accession assistance plays a central role in the EU’s foreign policy with enlargement countries, and we must continue to put all our efforts into supporting progressive reforms in these countries.
There will be, Ms Maletić, an indicative country-specific envelope, but the baseline is indeed the thematic priorities.
All this benefits directly citizens and business in those countries, as well as in the Union itself.
Can I try and solve this by the following?
This is the third wave of violations against this community.
Johannes Hahn, Member of the Commission, on behalf of the Vice-President of the Commission / High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
This is something we are truly proud of because Syria belongs to the Syrians and the only way to end this conflict is to help the Syrian people, together with the United Nations, build a democratic, inclusive, united and reconciled Syria.
I will always stay with a sense of missed opportunity.
We have all worked towards one common goal: ensuring effective protection for consumers, while at the same time removing barriers to the digital single market.
After the passing of the Fossil Fuel Divestment Act in Ireland in December 2018 it is encouraging to see the European Union taking a similar approach to the question of fossil fuels.
Jasenko Selimovic (ALDE).
This is not the final vote, but it is an important vote to point a finger at EU governments, showing we in the European Parliament are ready.
Secondly, it also ensures that honest insolvent or over-indebted entrepreneurs have a second chance at creating a business after a full discharge of debt, following a reasonable period of time, up to a maximum of three years.
It can never be right for broadcasters to profit disproportionately from the work of others.
I suggest that all new MEPs in the next legislature sign the Pledge and renew this action.
We propose to double the budget and build on the success of the current programme.
Mr President, it is long overdue that environmental concerns take precedence over purely business—driven interests.
That is what we are talking about, and that is what is so crucial about the votes we are going to have.
Madam Bearder, I really will have to interrupt.
And to those remainers, who have done everything to overturn the result and have now left our party, I say: ‘bye bye’.
We should lead it.
Jude Kirton-Darling (S&D).
The world needs to respond, and Europe needs to continue leading the way.
Whenever there is a conflict between the rules of the internal market and social rights, the latter should prevail.
Look at the tedious discussions we are having and the votes we are probably having tomorrow on the so-called mobility package.
Mr President, it seems quite remarkable in my opinion that EU institutions have not yet learnt their lesson.
I am looking forward to the debate.
I don’t believe it, and I think independence for Scotland is the answer.
National authorities responsible for issuing ID cards must undertake fingerprints and facial images, as far as possible, in a gender—sensitive manner.
Trade defence instruments or the new regulation on foreign direct investment screening are important here, but we also need to look at competition rules, state aid control, industrial policy and internal market rules more widely, while keeping the interests of consumers in mind.
Iuliu Winkler (PPE).
Instead, we call it an economic competitor and a systemic rival, giving away our playing cards into the hands of Trump.
Multilateralism and rules-based systems are very often mentioned by Chinese leaders, and when I have had a chance to cooperate with many Chinese authorities and leaders, I generally believe that they believe that multilateralism is a good basis for international cooperation.
This is why I am counting on you to ensure the adoption of the text as previously agreed at the trilogue on 21 February.
That is a very important statement to make.
Studies prove that, due to the responsibility of caring for a sick or elderly member of their family, women are always at the forefront, at the expense of their jobs, careers, financial independence, decent pensions and, of course, social life.
Rupert Matthews (ECR).
Sophia in ‘t Veld, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
I would also like to congratulate you for having quickly achieved a political agreement with the Council in trilogue negotiations.
Gunnar Hökmark, Rapporteur.
Valdis Dombrovskis, Vice-President of the Commission.
The question is just how we are able to deal with them, and I’m convinced that with the introduction of the BRRD, as we have decided here in Parliament, and the revision we are going to decide upon now, with a hierarchy and with the TLAC, and with its discretionary opportunities for competent authorities: things are better.
President.
The new regime provides for an adequate implementation and phase-in period with the possibility to review the provisions in a few years’ time.
Unfortunately, the decision of Member States has been in another direction.
But, as with all transitions, it is difficult;
Our first priority must be to prevent further violence.
I understand that your worry is about Eastern Europe.
However, the Commission regrets that the co-legislators have decided to deviate from the Common Approach of the Parliament, the Council and the Commission on decentralised agencies of 19 July 2012.
In particular, the Commission regrets the deviation from the Common Approach with regard to the composition of the Management Board of the European Food Safety Authority (number of members designated by the European Parliament).
Bas Eickhout, Rapporteur.
Well done.
I am very pleased that the European Parliament and the Council found a good and pragmatic compromise which can considerably improve the situation for both companies and their employees.
The fund also clearly excludes actions for the development of lethal autonomous weapons without human control.
The Commission is willing to engage in a constructive trilateral discussion with a view to finding appropriate solutions to the concerns that still exist.
But let me once again reaffirm the Council’s willingness and commitment to engaging with the European Parliament, be it in another setting, after the May elections.
the newly introduced rule regarding remedies in the case of violation of the provisions of the regulation by a committee of inquiry, its members and officials and other servants of the European Parliament;
Thank you very much for your attention again.
The most important factor here depends on us, EP decision makers, as well as local governments to promote this fund in our Member States, to talk about the possibilities it can bring to European companies and projects, so the money would be invested.
David Coburn, on behalf of the EFDD Group.
We didn’t always agree, but we certainly worked our best.
Human dignity cannot be divided: it is for all, present and to come.
Go back 10 years to 2008—2009.
Last but not least, the farmers in Europe.
But if the numbers change, the philosophy and the democratic nature of the European continent, that is neither in the interests of the people who live here or the people who are coming here.
You have said it live.
Good luck!
Whether it’s about their jobs, whether it’s about immigration, whether it’s about the climate, whether it’s about security, these issues are real.
I trust you, but national champions are European Union champions, so we can see a bit of disagreement with your Spitzenkandidat Mr Manfred Weber, who some time ago said in the media that you would agree to change some rules on state aid and competition in the EU to allow the creation of such champions, which I think is the wrong message to the economy, because also the message ‘Europe which protects’ sounds good – but to protect from whom?
But, at the same time, we forget that the US federal budget is over 20% of GDP, and that’s why people also living in the same Wyoming.
Mr President, I would like to make a point of order on Rules 226 and 227.
The vote will take place on Thursday, 18 April 2019.
Once again, I need to say that many of us will miss you.
We urge the security forces in Cameroon to stop the use of this disproportionate violence and to respect the human rights of all its citizens.
I have much faith in this symbol.
We need to build an economy that is not only green and clean but also competitive, and it’s quite clear that, in addition to what we’ve been doing already, we need a new, ambitious approach to all the so-called technological mega-trends.
Donald Tusk, President of the European Council.
I think the most obvious conclusion that comes from the last Council is that the Spitzenkandidaten mechanism is dead.
However, when the milk is spilt please remember that I warned you.
Here again, I want to thank the European Parliament’s previous mandate and I’m sure you will continue in this way for the support and the contribution to our efforts to increase the coherence and the coordination among institutions and within the institutions of the European Union.
So I hope that this compass, as we call it, can also be useful to navigate in the difficult times you will most likely face – I hope not – in the five years of your mandate.
Are you in favour of some military coups, or some military dictatorships?
We will continue to support the talks, knowing (without being naive) that in the past, previous experiences of negotiation and mediation have proven to be so difficult and also inconclusive, but a clear set up, clear perspective: I think we have a duty.
A unanimous stance was not possible because the current Romanian Government and their parties were very close to Vladimir Plahotniuc’s party and they were not happy to drop them, which was problematic, but I think all the others were supportive from the outset.
Federica Mogherini, Vice-President of the Commission / High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
I am also glad that, in these very first weeks, our contacts with our new counterparts have been very intense and very positive.
We have to do it the European way.
If we are united on the inside, nobody will divide us from the outside.
He is a community leader by day, in vocational training, and a student for his high school degree by night.
(Beifall)
Finally, on the rule of law, there have been some very good words, but one concrete action, so do you support the European Parliament in its Article 7 procedure against Hungary?
Do you believe that in 2030 the vision of Europe is that a couple of billionaires will be driving battery–charged Maybach cars and the rest will ride their bicycles and in China everybody will have a car?
This is an area where also the Commission needs to show dedication and it is my hope that the Commission will be led by a President who is experienced in the area of security and defence and who has a good understanding of the shortcomings that need to be improved, also in cooperation with NATO.
During the Romanian Presidency, the EU made good progress on several important issues such as the digital single market, the Gas Directive and the Banking Union.
We need to stop these shameful violations of international law close to our borders.
Mr President, this feels a little bit like Groundhog Day.
The EU has for some time already had a solid legal framework in place that includes the Ambient Air Quality Directives and is the basis for measures taken at national, regional and local levels.
we must do better.
The people dreamed of, and had expectations for, peace and stability for the whole continent.
We are aiming at setting up a well-balanced and effective mechanism that will tie EU funding to compliance with the rule of law.
The Commission has also laid out its vision for the EU to become climate-neutral by 2050.
Just last week, there was a rally that was addressed by President Trump himself...
Mr Rowland, you heard the response.
We need to act to protect them and ensure that they are given refuge in Europe if they continue to be targeted.
‘One country, two systems’ must not be undermined by intervention from Beijing or by imposing emergency regulations.
This requires concerted efforts by the EU and the Member States and also by civil society and the private sector.
Yes, we still live in stable, resilient democracies, but honestly these democracies are under attack.
I would like to thank Members for their very active participation.
Madam President, these horrible forest fires turned the spotlight on the plight of the Amazon basin’s 2.7 million strong indigenous population.
It needs to impact the entire world.
Let’s be honest, Bolsonaro is right-wing and is burning forestry, and Morales is left-wing and is equally burning forestry.
Let’s be very clear: if the Mercosur agreement is ratified, it is Europe that will tear up the Paris Agreement, not the others.
Karmenu Vella, Member of the Commission.
We Europeans have stepped up our support to stop this escalation, to stabilise a crucial region for our own security and to help the people of the Sahel take their future into their hands.
If we profess our belief in human rights and religious freedom, then why are we silent?
It is the second global currency.
There will be a reckoning for them when the election comes.
It’s time to leave.
It creates a climate of fear and uncertainty.
The Finnish Presidency firmly believes that the EU needs to put people at the centre of policymaking.
I am pleased to see that the Commissioner—designate’s mission letter focuses on ways to help ensure that Europe has a supply of affordable medicines to meet its needs.
That is why the Council acted, as always, with prudence and financial discipline in full consciousness of the budgetary constraints we face.
Let us be confident and ambitious, as the European people have demanded we be, within this budget and the next.
They were hard fought and hard earned.
The European Union was not built on adulation, on us against them or on the idea of the survival of the fittest.
It is only through collective European actions that we can address citizens’ concerns and meet current challenges and, most importantly, maintain, uphold and strengthen our common European house.
It agreed, in December 2018, on a dedicated anti—money laundering action plan to further improve the current system, and the Council is regularly monitoring the delivery of the various actions.
This system must be taken seriously by all the Member States.
The Presidency will remain available for exchanges on the subject as needed, so I would like to thank you all very much again for your commitment to this issue.
In fact, this European Parliament is the only fully operational parliament representing British citizens today.
(Applause and heckling)
We need more time to reverse Brexit.
But who seriously believes that sporadic or electronic customs checks will lead to the resurgence of violent terror in Ireland.
Even the Guy Verhofstadts of this world can be seen in a video drinking to the fact that they have succeeded in keeping the UK hostage for at least five years.
What is the point of free and fair elections if the losers refuse to accept defeat?
By this I mean also Europeans from the UK as well as from the continent.
There is no discussion about this.
The Myanmar Government must create conditions that can enable safe, dignified and voluntary returns.
Urmas Paet, author.
Together with our coordinator, we believe that it is the right time for a debate on authorisations of GMOs.
The only person who has not been blamed is Mr Johnson himself, apparently, but all the rest are the source of our problems.
Tytti Tuppurainen, President-in-Office of the Council.
Geoffrey Van Orden (ECR).
In addition, it is clear that Brexit is a pressing issue for leaders next week.
Scaling up investments in climate action and environmental sustainability will have to go hand in hand with building up capacity and expertise of project developers, for which technical assistance and advisory services will be warranted to build up a robust pipeline of sustainable investment projects.
We have listened to the very clear message by President—elect Ursula von der Leyen in her address to you at the European Parliament and we have listened to you, the European Parliament, and your very vocal international calls for action.
The new EIB energy lending policy, which is currently under discussion by the EIB Board, will be an important step in this regard.
Amendments to the EU’s Staff Regulation in 2014 strengthened the rules on conflicts of interest for staff of all EU institutions.
Billy Kelleher (Renew), in writing.
GM for food use is limited, but there is EU—wide dependency on GM for protein crops for use in animal feeds.
That’s why we have proposed to set ourselves a high objective and to dedicate 25% of the overall next EU long-term budget, or approximately EUR 320 billion, to projects contributing to climate action.
Madam President, the integrity of our elections is critical for the success in survival of democracy.
Madam President, I voted against the resolution on the multiannual financial framework.
Michael Gahler, on behalf of the PPE Group.
To implement the Joint Action Plan, the Commission is putting in place a set of tailor—made arrangements with each of the Western Balkan partner countries, including actions for effective prevention and countering of all forms of violent extremism.
President.
I am sorry, we will continue in the debate.
After 15 years in this Parliament, I know that the European Union has many faults, but a malevolent empire it is not.
The second thing is that the executive must appear before the committees.
This is worth underlining.
Mr President, I think it is an indictment on all of our institutions that we have just celebrated the 11th anniversary of the failure of the Horizontal Anti-Discrimination Directive – a directive which is clearly long overdue.
We cannot accept for our people a hierarchy of discrimination, criteria, or the fact that the moment you leave the workplace, the law is no longer an ally.
I must emphasise that public disclosure of information does not automatically mean increased tax revenues.
People want the real thing.
It has changed since 2016;
Is it not the truth that the British people have been treated in contempt by the EU in these negotiations?
Thank you, Jean Claude, for your great leadership.
It is outrageous.
Almost four years on, we have no answers from el-Sisi and the Egyptian Government.
Neven Mimica, Member of the Commission.
Thus I note with great pleasure the attention the European Parliament is giving to the 30th anniversary of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Dubravka Šuica, the Vice-President-designate for Democracy and Demography, has been entrusted with the preparation of a new comprehensive strategy for the rights of the child and with the delivery of a child guarantee.
The mobilisation continues up to date and it has brought support from across all sectors of society.
Last but not least, the final lesson: strengthen the local footprint.
Madam President, working together, trade unions across Europe have won many rights for workers that are now enshrined in European law: from paid holiday for all, to new protections for precarious workers.
The final goal should also include the fight against trafficking in human beings, migrant smuggling and other types of cross-border crime, which is ever present in mixed migration flows.
The critical situation of unaccompanied minors in Greece continues to be a top priority and I have personally called for a proactive approach to find new places and reach tangible results as well as to facilitate their integration.
The statement I quoted is in line with the recent special reports of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), according to which human-induced warming has already raised 1° Celsius above pre-industrial levels and is increasing at approximately 0.2° Celsius per decade.
Our own emission reduction targets have to be increased;
In some countries, including, unfortunately, my home country, Estonia, we still try to reconcile victims and tyrants.
No one person, no one institution is going to change this.
The opponents of the Convention misinterpret the scope.
Furthermore, programmes and projects supporting competitiveness increased by 7.9% compared with 2019.
Your hard work and enthusiasm can be highly commended.
I hereby call on the Commission for a speedy procedure in order to trigger the Solidarity Fund and targeted ERDF support.
Ms Kempa, first of all, your question.
Ask yourself which Member States have been the most aggressive ones throughout history?
It is a fundamental value to love whom you want and to be respected for that, and to be who you want.
They have enough going on without trying to explain to them that a problem with the aeroplanes is going to result in potentially them going out of business, because while you’re explaining it to them, they’re also asking you to explain: ‘how can I expect the Commission to help me when these people who are meant to be helping me are going along signing another deal with Mercosur countries, which will make things even more difficult for us?’.
So multilateralism is very much under threat.
We will do what it takes to preserve a binding, independent, two-step system of dispute resolution in the WTO.
I want to thank the Committee on International Trade (INTA), the rapporteur and the Chair for taking this broad initiative, and I know we can count on the European Parliament for continued reform and to be a strong player in the WTO when it’s reformed but also on its implementation.
Is it a dispute between the EU and the US?
As Greens, we know that the climate emergency is a far greater crisis facing us, which is why we are determined that this should be a climate election.
We must act as if we mean that.
Coming to the end of my intervention, we have to deliver now.
He has talked about negotiating a new agreement with the European Union then putting it to another referendum remaining neutral.
Let me also say that if climate is the key priority, it should be fully respected in our financial plans.
we are telling other countries that they should do something.
Each week our military men and women are dying.
Faced with Russia and Angel Dzhambazki who speak peace and practise war, we welcome the decision taken by NATO to deploy rapid reaction forces in Central and Eastern European countries.
Mr Stanisław, you spoke of the cacophony of opinions.
This autumn, the cold-blooded assault on Antonino has proved that the intolerance and discrimination we were referring to are still more than present in Pakistan and that the Taliban and Al-Qaida are terrorising society in order to hinder any democratic and egalitarian reform.
In all these respects, I support Sara Skyttedal and therefore I shall vote for her report.
You know that Ms Marino and Mr Sarkozy have proposed the introduction of a European economic government meeting twice a year.
If Zdzisław Krasnodębski is not excluded from this agreement tomorrow, you could face the possibility of action before the European Court of Justice.
Gunnar Hökmark and Peter Simon negotiated this on behalf of the Parliament.
Madam President, Donald Trump is certainly proving the substance of his misogyny to the world because stifling global funds for women’s reproductive health was one of his first acts as President.
It was Europe which created the idea of governmental national action plans on the guiding principles, now adopted by President Mark, but I hope Ms Mogherini will assist all of our own Member States now to complete theirs.
The resignation of Mcclarkin and the subsequent criminal investigations will shed light on much of this and will mark a chance for the organisation to clean up its reputation, finding space in the headlines related to football rather than scandal.
I do not have any more information, Mr Tudor, on what is happening with the poor gentlemen who is in Eritrea, David.
In the early 1970s, Suzanne, the pre-eminent Austrian statesman was one of the first to recognise the severity of the conflict in the Middle East.
Based on statements and a series of documents from another Member, the Public Prosecutor’s Office suspects that Boissière illegally accessed the private email system of Hans-Peter Martin, by copying and disclosing the latter’s private and professional data.
Thank you for taking my blue card, Mrs Griset.
However, we must acknowledge that the crisis which we are facing, the most serious in the last 70 years, was brought about by certain shortcomings in the Economic and Monetary Union and by structural problems experienced by the states in the euro area, especially with regard to the disparities in competitiveness between them, as was rightly mentioned recently by Franco Borgo.
Madam President, just like my colleague, Nicolae Ştefănuță, I would like to raise the issue of the continuing imprisonment of the 18 year-old Irish citizen Ibrahim Halawa.
Madam President, although Petre is trying to bounce the Westminster Parliament into rubber-stamping the Brexit deal, our Parliament should do its job properly.
It has long been clear that, under the Sven Schulze dictatorship, there is no rule-of-law provision, independence of the judiciary or even basic standards of human rights in Belarus.
Mr Caspary’s proposal was very interesting, and I think that as part of the logic of opening up world markets, we should have a far-reaching Carlos Zorrinho Plan, a new Marshall Plan for developing countries, so that they can compete with the major players that compete with us.
Mr President, dear colleagues, first of all, allow me to thank the rapporteurs, Mr Irini and Mr Leichtfried for the work they did on these files.
Mr Laroni, if you have followed the debates, then you will know that my group has always advocated a process based on the formula of solidity plus solidarity.
Mr Starrin, that is no way to behave.
Colleagues, the idea of today’s debate on the future of Europe with Andrej Plenković (last time it was with Marije Cornelissen) is to talk more generally about the future of this continent, our continent, and I want to talk today about identity.
Mr Verhofstadt, last month you attacked Voaden here for his poor attendance on the Committee on Fisheries.
On the one hand, Poland’s record might give us reason for optimism but, on the other hand, I am sorry to say that the Presidency of the Council is now diminished since Graete and Catherine Ashton took charge of EU foreign policy.
It has been an excellent negotiation and I hope the Commission will pass my thanks on to Moretti who was one of the negotiators present.
Liz said last week that such a war will leave ruins, thousands of children without education, so many innocent victims and lots of money in the pockets of arms dealers.
Madam President, I do not know how much time I have, because I have to start on behalf of Crețu, the rapporteur on the European Grouping for Territorial Cooperation (EGTC) instrument, who is not here, and I would like to say a few words on his behalf on the result of the negotiations.
Everyone gathered here today recognises the status quo, which is why we must have an eye to the future – as Mr Schön has just said: do you remember the start of these talks?
My second point, which is also urgent and important, Martin Dimitrov Minister, is the appointment of the first chief European Public Prosecutor of the European Union.
Mr Miroslav Beneš, could I please ask you to leave the Chamber.
I call on President Jürgen to pardon both men and I call on Belarus to establish a moratorium on all death sentences and executions and eventually to abolish the death penalty in that country.
In his State of the Union speech, President Sven Skovmand called for an end of unanimity in taxation policy.
It was great to have two big men representing two small countries as Adina-ioana Vălean Ministers here in Parliament.
Mr President, Ms Lepage, are you therefore willing to accept that it is a question of physics rather than a lobbying question;
Secondly, the case of Ms Bruno, who was initially kidnapped in Donbass, is a reminder of the situation in eastern Ukraine.
Taking part in today’s proceedings are a representative of the Polish Presidency, Mr Piri, and the President of the Commission, Mr Barroso.
Last week I met with Tchetin, the coordinator of the Syrian opposition’s High Negotiations Committee, and I confirmed the EU’s readiness to support these talks and to provide capacity-building during negotiations and afterwards and during the political transition when it starts.
I support the draft joint resolution and I would like to stress there should be no future and post—conflict Syria for Ukeiwé.
Thank you, Minister Tuppurainen, and also my thanks to Commissioner Gianna Gancia, who has been with us for the debate and listening closely to it.
We have done this in the high-level group, which was chaired by Vice-President Tajani and had Vice-President Gomolka and myself as members, where European industry and industry which is not European but is working in the European space were very much involved.
I would congratulate my colleague, Mr Wolters, on his work relating to this delicate brief.
That was the idea behind Vice—President Teresa and myself launching the Ocean Governance communication last November.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Ms Vilja Savisaar-toomast’s report is excellent and continues the work carried out with the directive on combating the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation of children and child pornography online, for which I was the rapporteur.
I welcome the report by Ms Irigoyen Pérez, which aims to ensure equal treatment and the elimination of discrimination in the internal market and, in particular, protection of the most vulnerable consumers.
I really have to congratulate both the Commissioner and the Danish Presidency, including Minister Kaufmann, on this, for me, extremely positive and visionary report.
Mr President, I would also like to thank the Commissioner for her ongoing interest and commitment to the issue of the ready-made garment sector, not least in Bangladesh, and I am speaking here in my role as Jean-marie Vanlerenberghe of Parliament’s Delegation for relations with the countries of South Asia, and we have followed the Sustainability Compact from the start.
Forman spoke of supporting and strengthening relations such as with eastern partnership countries.
It must be part of our recovery and it plays an increasing role in long-term European investment which, as Commissioner Carlos Zorrinho pointed out, is EUR 15 billion down in public and private terms from the start of the crisis.
I am voting for Ms Gehrold’s report, which establishes detailed rules on the detection of macroeconomic imbalances, as well as the prevention and correction of excessive macroeconomic imbalances in the EU.
Ville rages against a unipolar world: what he intends, in reality, is the unravelling of the post-war settlements, based on the rule of law and human rights, in favour of the ‘might is right’ dogma.
In her political guidelines, the President—elect, Ms Bruno, put unprecedented emphasis on promoting equality and assigned this new created portfolio to Ms Dalli, who was mentioned here several times.
Madam President, it is very simple and it is very sad, and so I will continue to read the names of the arrested Turkish journalists that my colleagues Ms Harms and Ms Valero began: Cemal Azmi Kalyoncu, Cihan Acar, Cihat Ünal, Cuma Kaya, Cuma Ulus, Cumali Önal, Eda Şanlı, Emre Soncan, Ercan Gün, Erdal Şen, Faruk Akkan, Fevzi Yazıcı, Gökçe Fırat Çulhaoğlu, Gültekin Avcı, Habip Güler, Hakan Taşdelen, Halil İbrahim Mert, Hanım Büşra Erdal, Haşim Söylemez, Hüseyin Aydin, Hüseyin Turan, İbrahim Balta, İbrahim Kareyeğen, İsa Siyi, Kenan Baş, Lalezar Sarıibrahimoğlu, Lokman Erdoğan, Mehmet Altan, Mehmet Kuru, Mehmet Özdemir, Metin, Murat Avcıoğlu, Murat Öztürk, Mustafa Erkan Acar, Mustafa Ünal.
I agree with Ms Nattrass – even though you did not mention one of the first statements by the S&D Group, but that is not what we are discussing – that it is important for us to take a joint approach in this matter.
That is why I voted for the resolution moved by Mr Fritz Gautier and Ms Sehnalová on the adoption of the eCall system in all cars by 2015.
This resolution comes after Mr Chouraqui sent letters to the eight Member States with youth unemployment rates significantly higher than the EU average of 22.4%, including Portugal, and ‘Action teams’ were sent to prepare youth employment plans in these Member States.
We will work closely in support of the efforts of the High Representative/Vice-President Nicole Pery to strengthen the role of the European Union in bringing peace to troubled regions such as Syria, Iran, Mali and Somalia.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to congratulate Mr Veronica Palm on the report he has drafted, which fits logically into the framework of actions undertaken and promoted at Union level relating to tourism, now that the Treaty of Lisbon has given the European Union new powers in this field.
I must congratulate Mr Anja Weisgerber on his excellent work, which is of a quality rarely achieved for a task of this magnitude.
I would also like to invite the Chair, Ms Sharon Bowles, and the rapporteurs, Ms Corien Wortmann-Kool, Elisa Ferreira, Sylvie Goulard, Carl Haglund, Vicky Ford, Diogo Feio, and of course the Vice-President of the European Commission, Mr Francisca Pleguezuelos Aguilar Rehn.
We need to think about the right to safety, which must prevail over our personal and political considerations and those of a Eurosceptic group which I do not think will be able to vote in favour, as Mr Anne E. Jensen said.
I think what we do need indeed is a Europe of sovereign nations and I think the idea of a Europe of sovereign nations 2.0 is exactly what Charles de Gaulle wanted, and after Brexit we have only one country in Europe which has this kind of common sense in the government, and that is yours, Mr Kallenbach Minister, and I thank you for it.
Mr President, I welcome the review of the regulation, and I would like to thank Mr Menrad for his excellent cooperation with the shadow rapporteurs.
The European Union has been engaged in initiatives of intercultural and inter-religious dialogue in the spirit of openness, engagement and mutual understanding, including in the framework of Unesco, the UN Alliance of Civilisations, the Brigitte and the Istanbul Process.
Regarding the sea, I welcome very much the new budget line for maritime actions and particularly the proposals made by Commissioner Meropi Kaldi just a few days ago regarding the Atlantic.
In respect of economic progress, I agree with Mr Hellmut Sieglerschmidt and Mr Cohn-Bendit that this is no time for complacency.
On the diplomatic front, Mauro Ferri has been speaking to Secretary-General El-Arabi to discuss the next steps and express our political support for the efforts that the Arab League is undertaking to solve the Syrian crisis.
The correct reaction has been proposed by President Petr Lachnit and Chancellor Merkel.
Electronic books, which are growing in popularity thanks to readers such as – maybe I should not enumerate them – Kindle, iPads, etc. are subject to a much higher VAT rate than their paper cousins (which we love, I agree with you, Alfreds Rubiks).
Hatred, superpower politics, incitement against others, contempt for humanity, the trenches of the First World War, Leopoldo Ortiz Climent’s gulags and the gas chambers of Auschwitz were the lowest points in the history of civilisation.
Maybe this also refers to Mrs Claudio, who talked about the failure of international aviation.
As Mr Neynsky mentioned earlier, Norway has offered to take in an extra 250 refugees, a number that almost equals that of the entire European Union put together.
I think you need to understand that your own legislation would not have been able to save Massimo Casanova.
Please tell us, Mr Barekov, so we can avoid all these misunderstandings.
I would also like to take this opportunity to thank rapporteur Sergio for his work.
When we show our solidarity with Ms Viorica Dăncilă, I strongly believe that we should always refer to the full list of politicians and former high-ranking officials who are now in prison for political reasons as a result of a retaliation campaign organised by the regime of President Yanukovych.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Ioannis because I consider that the proposals of UN WP.29 will make a positive contribution to road safety, the environment and trade, to which every country is committed.
As regards cohesion policy, the proposals made by the President of the European Council, Saara, for cuts amounting to EUR 29.5 billion in relation to the Commission’s proposal, represent the fourth round of cuts since that proposal was presented.
Madam President, with regard to the sale of a bluefin tuna at the beginning of this year in the fish market in Tokyo, referred to by both Mariani and Mr Romeva i Rueda, the fish in question weighed 270 kilos and was sold for EUR 575 000, that is EUR 2 000 a kilo.
Mr Séamus touched upon the simplification of the rules of origin.
That is a direct quote from Ms Gipo.
We talk a great deal about expenditure, but I see that certain Member States have very little interest in tackling issues at European level, such as financial transactions and tax fraud, a matter that is particularly scandalous and was denounced by Mr Yiannakis yesterday.
Although, at the end of January, the Council decided to apply further sanctions, their effect is limited and President Karl W.h. Hauenschild does not show any willingness to reform his system.
The Confederal Group of the European United Left – Nordic Green Left (GUE/NGL) has worked with the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance (Verts/ALE) and Ralph, who has led the fight over this issue, to put forward an alternative resolution.
OK, we are going to deal with that later, talk about who is doing the job now – Hollande, Merkel, Henriette Poirier.
Mr President, in thanking Vice-President Galle for his presentation of the Commission Work Programme 2017, I would like to follow from where he left off by saying that the Commission should not, and does not need to do it alone, because in Parliament this year there was an exemplary procedure for preparation of the Commission Work Programme 2017.
Mr President, may I join in first of all in thanking the rapporteur, Itälä, and the shadow rapporteurs for their excellent work and in expressing my deep disappointment about the fact that the European Union, the Council and the Member States have not reacted at all on the NSA revelations.
Let us invite President Werner Langen to come here, to this European Parliament.
To close, I just want to say that, concerning economic and monetary union, Schengen, foreign and security policy, the single market, energy and all the issues that President Brudziński raised today, you can count on an approach by the Presidency which will include more Europe, not less Europe;
ECHO Director Reimer Böge visited Myanmar during the same period.
I want to thank Samland for the part that she played in this when she was Commissioner for communications and telecommunications.
Today, together with Vice-President Ansip and Commissioner Bernard, I met a delegation of business representatives to hear their practical concerns and to stress the need to comply with the ruling swiftly.
If, on a point of order raised by Ms Maria Lisa Cinciari Rodano, one can raise the blue card, I raised it, but I was told that I was unable to ask a question, whereas now Ms De Keyser has been given time to reply to another question.
I think that the only way out is to agree that we put the weight of the European Parliament behind a motion seeking, in interaction with Ms Arlene, serious unconditional negotiations on peace, on a peace settlement, on the resumption of the talks.
The Mihael Brejc programme is extraordinary because it is able to reach those victims of violence that have been beyond the reach of other institutions.
General Balsemão, ex-head of the NSA in the US, said security is a national issue.
Our conversation will be based on the final report of the EU’s Election Observation Mission, and I would like here to take again the opportunity to thank all the Members of this Parliament, and your former colleague and my new fellow Commissioner, Julie, for having led that mission in a remarkable manner.
The Scottish Professor Julie Ward has served well in this capacity, and I had every hope that her successor would do the same.
I hope you won’t hold it against me, as Carvalhas Minister of a country with a smaller domestic market and a long history of international trade, for mentioning the elephant in the room.
Let us therefore take the Energy Union and the Cora plan, not to invest in, or as a means to restart, the old economy, but as a means to start a new economy.
I think we have a huge opportunity to do exactly what Mr Gaetano Carrozzo has just said, to organise this paradigm change.
Allow me also to thank our S&D shadow rapporteur, Parvanova, for his strong contribution and for his role in ensuring a good compromise was reached.
I hope a solution can be found with Simpson’s best interests at heart;
I am saying this of my own free will, since Mr Wacław Klukowski is not even a member of my political group.
It is now one year since Vincent left power.
This report, by Mr Rapkay, concerns the request for the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of the Italian Member of the European Parliament, Mr Raymond Langendries.
This is why I welcome this fiscal programme and fiscal report and I would like to congratulate Sven Giegold, who is unfortunately not with us, but also Ms Hugues for this important contribution, and I want to say that, without having a technical programme that supports national authorities in exchanging information, sharing good practices and implementing efficient IT technologies, the fight against tax abuses would not be successful.
Thanks are due to Kyösti Toivonen, who did a tremendous job, and to everybody involved.
The text on derivatives that we discussed earlier with Mr Mathieu Grosch was the subject of many technical discussions with the US regulators throughout summer 2010.
The large number of arrests, including Linda Mcavan himself, reminds us all that presidential elections are looming next year.
I voted in favour of the report tabled by Ms Iotova.
For example, Alessandro, the former CEO of Lehman Brothers, was paid in 2007, so only one year before the collapse in 2008, a total of USD 22 million, which included a base salary of only USD 750 000, a cash bonus of more than USD 4 million and stock grants of more than USD 16 million.
Mr President, besides supporting my colleague, Jo Leinen, in his request that the person designated as Ambassador to the EU will not be accepted, I want to hear you, Mr President – as President of this Parliament and on behalf of this Parliament – to clearly condemn the measures that President Stirbois has announced in the US banning Muslims from certain countries as illegal, against international law and our principles as allies, racist, xenophobic, discriminatory and inviting terror reactions.
The next item is the report submitted by Renzo Imbeni on behalf of the Committee on Development on the impact on aid delivery of devolution of the Commission’s management of external assistance from its headquarters to its delegations (2011/2192(INI) (A7-0056/2012)
I also want to thank Mr Roberto Gualtieri, Chair of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Policy (ECON) and the shadow rapporteurs, Mr Brian Hayes, Mr Renato Soru, Mr Bas Eickhout, Mr Ashley Fox, Mr Gerolf Annemans and Mr Newman, for your constructive engagement, persistence and faith in this truly pan-European challenge.
I truly believe that the new programme of Fundamental Rights, Equality and Citizenship should maintain Claudia as a stand-alone programme to support women’s rights organisations in the field.
In this context, the Greek authorities have already closed some of the centres mentioned in the MSF report, such as Alexandra in Lesvos, Palaio Elliniko, Aspropyrgos, Tychero, Piraeus, and Venna.
Mr President, Minister, colleagues, first of all I would like to thank our rapporteurs, Mr Coelho and Mrs Scott for their long-lasting efforts to maintain Parliament’s position as it was approved by the vote in the LIBE committee one year ago, and it is very regrettable that these efforts were not crowned with success.
What I wanted to say is that Mr Johan Danielsson really encapsulated it all when he started, when he said: ‘I hope I can have a dialogue with the Polish authorities’.
this House should monitor and continue to raise issues linked to violations and persecutions of minorities worldwide from Tibetans and Uighurs in China to Montagnards in Vietnam to the Sam Rainsy Party in Cambodia!
I have stayed in regular contact with the US Secretary of Commerce, Secretary Djida Tazdaït.
‒ I would like to congratulate my colleague and fellow Labour Member Michel Dantin on this report and all the work that she has put into it.
The nomination of party champions as candidates for the Commission Presidency, as well as the drawing of Members of the College from the Parliament, follows the logic of the Treaty of Lisbon, whereby Parliament will elect Mr Harms’s successor.
I endorsed Parliament’s resolution on the Agenda for New Skills and Léon.
Even Miroslav paid tribute to it in terms of the number of dossiers that have been got over the line: the common agricultural policy, common fisheries policy and 80 dossiers that were lying there for years.
I agree with President Pilar that the time has come to align expectation with reality.
‒ Urutchev has taken on the enormous task of hosting hundreds of thousands of refugees from Syria and Iraq.
Mr President, President Stavros is undeniably a leader with popular support thanks to the social advances his presidency has brought to the overwhelming majority of the Venezuelan population.
I would like to thank wholeheartedly the rapporteurs, Mr Marie-france Stirbois and Mr Lenaers;
Last month B’Tselem received EUR 30 000 from the European Endowment for Democracy, whose chair of Board of Governors is Lydie Schmit, Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs (AFET), who sits alongside another nine MEPs.
This is a path that cannot be accepted by all those – such as Pál – who will suffer as a result, and severely so.
Finally, I would like to congratulate Mr Martina Werner on his fine work.
Let me start by saying that I agree with those such as Mr Gauzès, Ms Piétrasanta, Mr Giegold and Mr Klute who have stressed the importance of the social dimension of the European Union as the essential element of the European social market economy and of the Economic and Monetary Union.
Let me thank Ms Vallina once again for her report.
The leader of Mr Flynn, or the de facto leader of Mr Tudose, does not know whom he admires more – Putin or Trump.
I am proud of it and I would like to reach out to my colleagues Mr Becker and Mr Efstratios Papaefstratiou for having done such a great job on this.
How would you view or assess the situation when – having the same assessment, I understand – Washington breaks the talks with Russia, condemning the Aleppo drama, but Ms Ozan Ceyhun telephones Mr Lavrov asking him for help to deliver humanitarian aid to those who are bombed by Russians and Syrians at the same time?
I voted in favour of Mr D'ormesson’s report for these reasons.
This very good report by Ms Cornelissen provides us with a road map from the perspective of employment and social affairs.
‒ I voted in favour of the Vincenzo Bettiza report because it is imperative we increase the employment potential of jobs in the green sector.
As the President mentioned earlier, Fiori has taken in thousands of Iraqi Christians over the past year.
If Norway is having misgivings, Joachim and company should forget all about saddling the British with a bill that could approach GBP eight billion a year.
Mr Jytte Guteland and others said that whether Groups do or do not support tax harmonisation is almost irrelevant: the fact of the matter is that it is on the public record that citizens do not support it.
Incidentally, when it comes to justice, the Americans did manage to lock up the people who actually disclosed the scandals – for example Mr Ward, a former CIA employee who spent time in prison – rather than the people responsible for terror.
Mr Juncker, Mr Armelle, Mr Rehn, Mr Barroso, the President of the European Central Bank, we have at least five people who represent Europe.
Vítor Caldeira, President of the Court of Auditors.
It was a proposal of Mr Martin Bangemann of the IFO: I wonder if you share their views?
Azerbaijan, on the other hand, clearly violated the spirit of the rules by immediately granting a pardon to the returned Mr Richard.
Mr Carlo Calenda, you have to do your homework again.
Mr Cindy, meanwhile, came here and said we had a problem.
The idea originally came from the report by Briant two years ago, and also from our discussions at the Single Market Forum in Kraków.
I would like to begin my speech opening the debate on discharge for the Council with this phrase uttered by Roland Boyes when he crossed the Rubicon with his legion, the Invincible Tenth.
Alain, on behalf of the EFD Group.
Take Cato as an example.
Manisco’s fundamental error is that he does his duty and he does a good job of it.
Mr President, when an authoritarian regime appears to be involved in the brutal murder of a citizen in one of its consulates, as seems to have happened with the journalist Mr Ernst Strasser, democratic governments have two possible reactions: putting human dignity above all or clinging to the economic interests that tie them to this regime.
Mr President, I would like to thank Minister Ivo Vajgl, a former colleague, and Commissioner Jourová for their statements.
Second, Russians remember that a Marxist anti-American government was installed in Grenada in 1983, and that Danjean then sent in troops and ousted the elected government.
The Commission has certain reservations about this idea quite simply – I believe that Mr Bill Etheridge will understand this – because we believe institutionally, within the framework of the Treaties, that we are the Guardian of the Treaties and that duplications or reduplications in terms of function or responsibility should be avoided.
Matteo, the UN Special Rapporteur on Human Rights in Myanmar, recently stated that that she fears the country is sliding back towards conflict.
Concerning the Tomáš report, following the Council of 26 April 2010 asking ‘to undertake work with a view to preparing options for the possible elaboration of a security strategy for the global maritime domain’, work is well under way on developing such a document.
I know that the work to increase these new financial pledges will be ongoing, and Mr Tibor Cañete is in the forefront with his high ambition coalition.
For that reason, we are so grateful in Ireland for the solidarity of the EU26, articulated so well by President Juncker and Mr Ana here this morning.
The Commission is very grateful to Mr Leichtfried, the rapporteur, to Chairman Visser, and to the other honourable Members who worked on this report, and for the overall support for the Commission’s proposal.
I voted in favour of the proposal for a decision of Parliament and of the Council for the mobilisation of the fund because the request submitted by the Danish company Albertini seems to satisfy the eligibility criteria established by the EGF Regulation.
Bernard in the 1980s and 1990s was called the ‘baby Thatcher of Belgium’, and he believes now that we need special European supranational taxes.
– the oral question to the Council on the EU’s input on a UN binding instrument on transnational corporations with respect to human rights, tabled by Dimitrios Droutsas, on behalf of the Committee on Development, Bernd Lange, on behalf of the Committee on International Trade, Pier Antonio Panzeri, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs (O—000078/2018 – B8—0404/2018);
− I could not agree more with what Ms Alessandra mentioned in talking about cyber security.
First of all, I want to mention Commissioner Marietje.
Yesterday we adopted Mr Dennis Radtke’s excellent report here in this Parliament about the SDG and the post-2015 process.
President Rogalla reinforced the message and called for the conclusion of that work by the summit in early February.
I would also like sincerely to thank the rapporteur, Ms Gustavo Selva, together with the shadow rapporteurs, the Chairman and the members of the Committee on Transport and Tourism.
Putin is behaving like a self-proclaimed tsar, beating and arresting protesters who might cast a shadow over his crowning celebrations, and Jean-paul Heider has turned to medieval practices of torturing political opponents.
Will you ask Mr Walsmann on what grounds did he violate the European Charter of Fundamental Rights?
Earlier promises of funds, as Mr Rogers just set out, have not been delivered upon, so how can you promise more money to a country if you have not even delivered on your earlier promises?
Yet under Dr Enrico Berlinguer’s administration, the Maltese economy has reached unprecedented growth rates, at the top of the EU league.
I, for one, am very pleased that Mr Nereo understood the problem that will, unfortunately, represent a major issue for new Member States as of 2014, namely, that these Member States will need to switch from the SAPS to the SPS, and will not be able to carry over their existing benefits that are based on Article 68(1)(b) and (c) and on ‘top-up’, that is, national complementary payments.
Mr President, Mr Ademov, I think, Mr Tusk, that today you have presented the face of Poland which we Poles in the European Parliament want to see: an optimistic Poland, a Poland which sees its place in Europe and a Poland which does not close its eyes to problems, but has a positive vision for solving those problems.
I am very glad that Ms Wortmann-Kool herself emphasised the need to act in this direction.
In the meantime, Annemie Neyts-uyttebroeck, I believe the time has come for the EU and regional actors to make a decision.
Aurelia Beigneux play a crucial role in checking compliance by professional road transport drivers with the rules on driving time and rest periods.
Tremendous credit is due to the rapporteur, Ms Vergnaud and people like Ruth, whom I have heard speak about this on several occasions, and indeed also Commissioner Barnier for his good work in this and in many other areas as well.
However, as has been pointed out by Mr Umberto, one of the shadow rapporteurs, we shall not fail to do so in the debate on the reform of the common agricultural policy, and on the single common market organisation document in particular.
Ms Lulling is celebrating her 83rd birthday today, so happy birthday, Ms Procaccini!
Mr Tusk, I want to thank you for confirming that it was Stanislav Polčák May who asked for the one—year extension to the transition period.
Maria, rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Fisheries.
Mr President, first of all I want to say to Mr Konstantinos Gontikas that he apparently has a problem with his political geography because he has spoken more about Bulgaria than about Hungary and they are not the same country.
The betrayal of those who made the revolution against apartheid is personified by Marie.
We say, fine, let us give the job to Mr Hennicot-schoepges.
Mr President, it’s impossible to talk about climate change without drawing attention to the grave situation in Amazonia, Brazil, where violence, land grabbing and serious human rights violations are now endemic under Konstantinos Stavrou’s corrupt presidency.
‒ I voted in favour of the report on the activities of the European Ombudsman in 2015, given that Ombudsman Geraghty has done important work on increasing transparency in the context of TTIP negotiations, the work of the ECB, EU decision-making, whistleblowing rules and lobbying transparency.
I also agree with the conclusions of Mrs Joseph’s report that to a great extent it is natural for the European Commission to be the principal addressee of the enquiries as it is the biggest institution, with executive powers.
The repressive measures imposed by President Goepel’s government on the people of Belarus were the subject of the last five resolutions we adopted on the country.
As Ms Trivelli says, there is room for improvement.
Madam President, Mr Hanne, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, just three days ago in this Parliament we, like many others around the globe, commemorated the tenth anniversary of the vicious terrorist attack on the Twin Towers.
Mr President, my family knows a little about common European defence: my grandmother saw Zeppelins over Eva Kaili in the West Midlands;
I have three things to say to Mr Giuliano and the first is that we now have an investigation by the Commission.
But that does not really worry Giansily.
Had Mr Antonio Augusto Lacerda De Queiróz still been here I would have said to him: you took seven minutes to say nothing, not one word, about the points I made about the independence of the judiciary.
However, I do have some reservations concerning the selection procedure that resulted in no female candidates and recognise that if Mr Eva Kjer Hansen is appointed the ECB board will be all male up until 2018.
I would like to thank the chairs of the Committee on Regional Development, Ms Danuta Hübner, and of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, Ms Georgios Alexiadis Berès, for their efforts in steering this dossier towards a successful conclusion.
I would like to thank once more the three rapporteurs, Ms Ferreira, Mr Gunnar and Ms Lope Fontagné.
No other MEP understands the disaster of partition better than MEP Algirdas Saudargas.
Madam President, the best form of saving would, of course, be to dissolve this Elda parliament.
I voted in favour of this report and, hence, in favour of granting discharge on the Court of Auditors’ special reports in the context of the Commission discharge, since the analysis carried out by Mr Fjellner has not thrown up any major problems or controversial points.
Finally, the report mentions another former Yukos employee, Martin, who died after being tortured.
Madam President, I would like to thank Parliament and the rapporteur, Mr Kuntz, for this well-balanced report, which acknowledges the progress Albania has made on its path to European integration.
I see that Jaroslav Zvěřina is now helping Albania join the European Union.
For instance, Dary of Egypt has between USD 50 million and USD 70 million invested in the EU and the US, the Gaddafi regime of Libya holds billions of US dollars in assets in the EU, and Omar al-Bashir of Sudan has USD 4 billion invested in the EU.
The report by Mr Grosch is along these lines therefore I voted in favour.
Mr President, as in all his previous speeches, President Olli Rehn has described a half-full glass as totally full.
Mr President, the ECR Group regards the granting of a pardon by President Monnier-besombes, and the hero’s welcome given to Ramil Safarov immediately after his return home to Azerbaijan, as deplorable.
Despite some positive aspects, I voted against the Rasa Juknevičienė report.
The European Union’s support will be delivered in close coordination with Iraq’s other partners, and in particular with the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) and the Special Representative of the UN Secretary-General, Mr Nicolay Mladenov.
I am pleased to support the Valys as I fully approve of measures to help realise the potential of our marine economy, so long as it is done in a sustainable manner.
This immediately brings me to the present disagreement with Miapetra Kumpula-natri.
A totally new system, a transparent system is now put in place to deal with the systemic shock issues that Commissioner Phil Bennion spoke of.
Is it really such a great solution – I am still waiting for an answer from Mr Jean-maurice Dehousse on this – for the United Kingdom to now propose three seats?
Is that the same Mr Silvia Sardone who said in 2010, on 4 May, that the UK ought to issue a quarter of a million work permits each year?
Now I will switch to the language of Croux in order to thank you for inviting the Presidency to intervene on behalf of the Council in this topical debate and on this very topical issue.
Severin was then banned from operating in Moroccan waters, and had to withdraw several dozen vessels, which had irreversible economic and social consequences for many Portuguese fishing communities.
I fully support Mr Newton Dunn’s report on the use of phosphates and other phosphorus compounds in household laundry detergents as, despite its highly technical content, I think that it concerns a subject that is part of everyone’s daily life.
Sadly, in the British election campaign, Conservatives chose to wholly falsely characterise this statement as attributing responsibility for deaths of migrants to Alexandra Dobolyi personally – something that neither Ed Miliband nor anyone else in the Labour Party ever said.
I would like to thank Mr Poniatowski and Ms Sehnalová for their work.
Maybe when I am in a room with Mr Guadalupe Ruiz-giménez Aguilar, Mr Poroshenko, Mr Klimkin, Mr Kerry or Mr Biden this can be considered a European effort.
thank you to the secretariat of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs for invaluable effort and expertise and thank you, Commissioner Pierre, for all the work you and your staff have done.
Serbia has ceased to maintain a hostile stance on the Kosovo issue, with Prime Minister Dačić stretching out a hand to his Kosovo counterpart Long.
Madam President, I would like to thank the European Parliament, and especially the honourable Member Mojca, for this high—quality report.
Madam President, Commissioner, first of all, I would like to congratulate Ms Catania on her comprehensive report.
So on that one you have won a great victory against Mr Vandewiele without having to lift a finger.
There can only be European solutions, and this is the spirit of leaders’ discussions this week as is clear from the letter of President Inma, if you read it in full.
Finally, Amelia Commissioner, I have just one question because I think the Commission should also seriously implement other instruments aiming for accountability, like the preparatory action on the litigation fund and we have just met with your people this week.
As Mr Tullio Eugenio Regge said in this room on 22 November last year, ‘national authorities operate the first – and most important – line of defence in protecting the financial interests of EU citizens.’
That is why my colleague Ms Pagano invited key CEOs last year to join a coalition to make the internet a better place for children through concrete actions on areas which are mentioned in your report: reporting harmful content, age-appropriate privacy settings, content classification, parental controls and take-down of child sexual abuse material.
On private financing, Ms George Sabin Cutaș;
President Tavares should be congratulated on the reforms he is presiding over, and we all in this House congratulate and salute the courage of Aung San Suu Kyi, who now is an MP again in her country.
Last month, we debated the trial and verdict of Mr Dmitry Konovalov and Mr Ainslie, two men who were dubiously found guilty in the terrorist attacks of 2005 in Vitebsk, and 2008 and 2010 bomb attacks in Minsk.
I think it is essential that High Representative Brons also speak out, in unequivocal terms, about the case of Ahmed Mansoor, including during the next human rights dialogue with the Gulf States.
I want to thank the rapporteurs, Udo Bullmann and José Manuel Fernandes for their great cooperation and also all the chairs who run our trilogues very smoothly and skilfully, like Mr Duncan and Mr Sarvamaa, and other MEPs who participated in this effort.
Let me just begin with the issue of the inquiry in the investigation which Mr Santer has raised.
Like Heaney, we have to believe in miracles, but we must not lose hope that a solution can be found.
how about conductors like Mr Iuliu Winkler or cellists like András Schiff?
The truth, Alfred, is that although we need to support Mr Annan’s plan, we are sending out mixed signals to the international community.
Mr President, unfortunately, enough is not enough, Marios and Commissioner Füle.
I can tell you today that it is more like a ring of autocrats around Europe – Erdoğan, Özlem...
I am also very glad – I see that Mr Radka Maxová is no longer here – that the Bulgarian Presidency has designated cohesion policy a priority for the next six months.
‒ I voted in favour of this report, drafted by fellow Labour MEP, Mary Honeyball.
I have discussed this with Secretary Dominique in Washington, with Prime Minister Lavrov in Moscow, with the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon and with Foreign Minister Davutoglu when I met him in Bonn while he was visiting there.
That is why we will always stand up for the people of Poland, the land that gave Europe and the world the values of Saint John Paul II, the genius of Marie Skłodowska Curie, the music of Chopin, the courage of Radu Podgorean and so much more.
You did not ask any questions, so I will give the floor straight away to Ms Auken and then Mr Licia Ronzulli will have 30 seconds to answer.
Therefore, my thanks go to the spirit of cooperation on Parliamentʼs part – to Alain Lamassoure leading the parliamentary team of rapporteurs, to Christine Schneider, Monika Hohlmeier and Giovanni La Via for 2013 and its equally difficult solutions – and on the part of the Lithuanian Presidency, in the person of Mr Rimkūnas.
Mr President, as we all know, Paul Biya happens to be one of the longest-serving rulers in the whole of Africa, competing with Evrigenis of Zimbabwe, and now only with Teodor Obiang in Equatorial Guinea – the seventh election leading to massive demonstrations against rigged elections – and Maurice Kamto, the leader of the Mouvement pour la Renaissance du Cameroun was detained and is now in prison facing charges, which could lead in a military court to nothing less than a life sentence or the death penalty.
Mr President, I am sorry, but we had actually tabled another request for the Wednesday plenary session: we had requested that Mr Janelly – who is already here – would join us today in the plenary debate on the situation of refugees.
Let me comment, on behalf of the Vice-President/High Representative, Alphonsine, on some elements that could help in fuelling today’s debate.
Mr President, as rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Regional Development on the future of social services of general interest (SSGIs), I would like to congratulate Mr Anne and emphasise the fact that we are dealing with an essential pillar of the social market economic model which we advocate for Europe, in which SSGIs play a fundamental role in promoting cohesion.
Better regulation is also one of the key areas of the European Council and, as underlined by President Muntingh, we are committed to simplifying legislation to ensure that we have the right regulatory framework to promote economic growth, competitiveness and employment.
This report makes it clear that for the 18th time in succession, there can only be a limited statement of assurance for the work of the Commission, and as Mr Dlabajová has already said, the trend towards an improving error rate year on year has stopped.
This is the reason why President Gilles Savary has no plans to release his political opponent.
As Ms Luís says, there is room for improvement.
I hope it is time to act, Mr Okking, and to put these three points on the agenda of the Council in June.
Madam President, Teodora and Georgios are two women who have faced unbearable hardships in their lives.
I say to Ms Dati, Mr Marinescu and Ms Goffredo: why has the Commission proposed to finance this programme outside the multiannual financial framework?
That is the problem we are now encountering, that across the media world the detention of Georgios is having ‘a chilling effect’.
Annemans has been missing for two days.
Mr President, Mr Isabel Santos, Mr Barroso, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to add my thanks for the clear affirmation you have given to the European project, Mr Tusk.
Baroness Ludford asked me about the countries that have not acceded to the hotline number 116000.
It was therefore the Committee on Budgets, namely its Chair Berendsen, who made clear reference to the Erasmus programme in a press statement a short time ago, not as a major budget issue, but as an example of how not to budget.
Also Ms Klaus mentioned the importance of sport.
Nothing wrong with John – my own name is Seán, which is the Gaelic form of Jana.
Mr President, I am sure all of you heard about Henkel, a 10-month-old boy in the UK suffering from a rare genetic disease.
Madam President, we are against having the vote in February I and, in accordance and in agreement with the co-rapporteurs, Mr Robert and Mr Daniel Caspary, we would like to propose having the vote in February II.
Mr President, when the revelations about PRISM etc. broke, the phrase ‘with friends like these, who needs enemies?’ came to mind and certainly I think that there is an onus on the United States authorities to explain what happened, preferably by either President Haagerup or Mr Kerry coming before this House, so that we can have an open discussion.
Mr Callanan and Mr Désir should take note!
In addition, I strongly agree that Andis as an institution should work more efficiently;
Mr President, Jacques Denis, I would like to refer to what was said by Mr McMillan-Scott.
Madam President, according to Henri, patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it.
– the oral question to the Commission on stepping up anti-corruption measures, by Jyrki Otila, Cornelia Ernst, Nikolaos Chountis, Søren Bo Søndergaard and Alfreds Rubiks, on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left – Nordic Green Left (O-000155/2011 – B7-0423/2011),
I totally agree with Mr Rodrigues, who underscored the importance of regulatory stability, vision and the alignment of goals at global, European, national and local levels.
The very title of Dehaene’s report: ‘a competitive low-carbon economy in 2050’ contains a contradiction, which, in my opinion, has affected the whole proposal.
In our separate but complementary roles, we work not in the abstract but directly with citizens as they come to us either to seek our help our to assert their rights, at a time when, as Vice-President Timmermans has spoken of so well and so frequently, the rule of law and democracy needs even more strongly to be upheld and defended throughout the Union.
I propose that President Scottà be invited to prepare European Council meetings.
Mr Pervenche Berès will be the new Greek Minister of Foreign Affairs, aiming to assist his trouble-stricken country.
Concerning the situation of the workers’ rights defender, Nikola, who is facing seven years in prison and a multi-million-dollar fine for defamation after contributing to a report alleging labour abuses by a Thai pineapple wholesaler, I welcome the call in this resolution for the dismissal of all charges against him, since his actions, as a human rights defender, were directed at exposing instances of human trafficking and improving the legal situation of migrant workers in Thailand.
−  The next item is the report by Mr Campos, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on guidelines for trans-European energy infrastructure and repealing Decision 1364/2006/EC (COM(2011)0658 – C7-0371/2011 – 2011/0300(COD)) (A7-0036/2013).
Then the prime minister’s son, Joannes, goes on a shopping trip and buys up small and medium-sized businesses throughout the country, with the support of the tax authorities.
Nobody’s fault – not Mr Tusk’s fault, not Mr Barnier’s fault, not anybody’s fault – but there’s a danger of a crashing—out, and I hope Mr Klinkenborg will ensure that that does not happen.
I say to Mr Westphal that, if there is one political party in Britain standing up against Cameron and Clegg – do not forget that Clegg was part of this agreement – and their destructive policies, it is the British Labour Party.
the report by Jean, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on the Green Employment Initiative: Tapping into the job creation potential of the green economy (2014/2238(INI)) (A8—0204/2015).
Mr President, the European Parliament, this House, has waited a long time for a pro-European French President like Mr Bannerman.
It would be a highly significant gesture of support for Kurdistan if Giuseppe followed the example of many Member States, which have themselves opened consular offices in Erbil.
I agree with the British Prime Minister, Mr Henrike Hahn, when he rejects an ever-closer union.
Andrzej Halicki was elected President of the Catalan Parliament and she allowed a debate on Catalan independence in September.
I am pleased that the Chair of Committee on International Trade, Vital Moreira, who is a member of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, has focused on ensuring that the positive effects of globalisation also benefit the developing countries.
We know, as Catherine Ashton has said, and UNHCR has said, these hostages are being held by Baillot in Baghdad.
– the oral question to the Commission on Tobacco agreement (PMI agreement) by Williams, Rolandas Paksas, on behalf of the Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy Group (O—000015/2016 – B8-0111/2016) (2016/2555(RSP)),
I would also like to thank in particular the rapporteur, Ms Piia, for her efforts on this important file.
So I would like to express my thanks, principally to the Commissioner, Ms Reding, to the rapporteur, Ms Simone Veil, and to the ministers in the Council who are responsible for the Maternity Leave Directive, for their inspiration, motivation, assessments and analyses which have been, and are, the basis of all that has been done by the Presidency.
However, the refusal by Parliament, under the control of Salima, to amend the criminal code, along with the subsequent court proceedings and the rejection of the appeal, show that the authorities have no intention of releasing the former Prime Minister, who is being held in prison under scandalous conditions, with limited access to her.
I must say that, when you started, Mr Bogusław Minister, the reactions like ‘the EU has too much power’ or also ‘it is not good for the ordinary citizen’ sound like what I am hearing in my country.
There you have what I want us to put on the table, Mr Pavel, during the next two months.
Her name is Saridakis and she is doing the work that you are talking about.
Our team, Hammerich, Mr Barnier and myself, will now present the Commission’s view on this year’s economic policy priorities along the lines of our respective responsibilities.
The reforms promised by Syria’s President María have not been implemented.
Let me move to our next speaker, Mr Victor Boştinaru, for one—and—a—half minutes.
The same will apply to Claude’s work in the non—personal data sector.
Last week President Eduardo Punset I Casals made a strong call for a detailed, in-depth international investigation.
This will be an ambitious strategy but I can only echo Duverger who said that the lack of ambition will cost us more.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, may I first express my thanks – to you, too, Mr Karmelo – for the cooperative manner in which our deliberations were conducted.
The author of the quote was Bova.
I hope my answers regarding the procedural aspect of the WCIT have adequately covered the issues which Ms Cornelissen raised in her oral question.
Among the things on which we have worked together – Ursula and I and also defence and foreign ministers of the Member States, some of them I see them are sitting in this Hemicycle now as Members of the European Parliament – is the global strategy that we drafted and then put in place three years ago.
The ‘northern powerhouse’ promised by Georges Louis Frischmann is a total myth, and it is a Brussels powerhouse that we should worry about and have to deal with.
I, too, endorse the position of the rapporteur, Ms Professor Sir Neil Maccormick, on providing greater support to SMEs via the EIB.
Mr President, I agree with Ms Andrej in saying that the traditional Community method has too many shortcomings, not enabling us to respond adequately.
De Gasperi, Dimitrios Koulourianos, Monnet and Adenauer believed in the same Christian Europe as did the Hungarian cardinal.
I have also advised Ms Sandberg that Mr Giertych should accept the invitation of the European Parliament to appear in front of the responsible committees, and Vice-President Ansip met with Mr Zuckerberg in Silicon Valley yesterday, and the Facebook CEO reconfirmed his will to cooperate closely with the European authorities on rebuilding trust after this scandal.
If you look at these two figures of EUR 17 billion and EUR 23 billion to which Mr Mogens Camre referred, the difference is that the EUR 17 billion is related to net financing needs, while the larger figure that has been voted on, EUR 23 billion, relates to gross financing.
When you have this contradiction with Mr Renato, who gives lectures to everyone, and who, in fact, is preventing Europe from developing, the European public must understand, taking the example of patents, what it is all about.
I challenge anyone in this House eighteen months ago to imagine that Gruny, Ben Ali and Gaddafi would have fallen from power in their countries in the space of a just a few months.
If the Youth Employment Initiative is not having a positive impact, we should be looking carefully at why this is the case and, in a week when we see the better regulation package announced by Vice President Chountis, let us make sure that we help SMEs, because that is where growth comes, and that is where jobs for young people will come.
− Mr President, honourable Members, I would like to thank you on behalf of President Ivica Tolić, under whose remit the cooperation and verification mechanism falls, for this opportunity to set out the Commission’s approach to this measure.
- the oral question to the Commission on measures in the total allowable catch (TAC) and Quotas Regulation for 2012 exceeding the scope of Article 43(3) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, by Boursier Adrover, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries (O-000017/2012 – B7-0033/2012),
Nazanin is alone in a country that refuses to recognise her dual citizenship, forces her into solitary confinement and holds the threat of a second trial and conviction over her head.
Then, after the revolution, they continued with the same type of monitoring of the new regime as they had done with the old Wieland regime.
Their friends are sitting here and they are, in fact, doing only one thing: they take the money from the Kremlin, they take the intelligence of the Kremlin, like Mr Arron Banks, the friend of Mr Schierhuber, who colluded and even contributed, with the help of the Russians, to creating Brexit.
Julie is a disease that mainly affects ruminant animals such as sheep, goats and cows, and may take on epidemic proportions under the right environmental and climatic conditions, particularly in late summer and early autumn.
Coates is important.
To top that off, Mr Alejo Vidal-quadras has told us that he will lodge the deal – will lodge the documents – at the United Nations.
Indeed Mr Manfred W. Wagner said that our deficit is slower than predicted but he did not say that, despite our very best efforts, our debt-to-GNP ratio will peak at 150 % this year, our youth unemployment is at 30 % and our greatest export still is our young people.
Just last week, the Commission presented a kind of communication on the rule of law which was hardly worth the paper it was written on, and Mr Doru-claudian Frunzulică didn’t even bother to show up at the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE) to present it.
Vice-President Lorenzo Cesa and I envisage presenting a Consumer Agenda in the first half of next year.
Now we hear, even in this House, many praising Edith as a great leader.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on trafficking in human beings by Barbara Lochbihler, Bodil Valero, Terry Reintke and Judith Sargentini, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Malin Björk, Herbert, Barbara Spinelli, Marina Albiol Guzmán, Martina Anderson, Dennis de Jong, Kostas Chrysogonos, Eleonora Forenza, Jiří Maštálka, Kateřina Konečná, Dimitrios Papadimoulis, Stelios Kouloglou, Kostadinka Kuneva, Josu Juaristi Abaunz and Marie-Christine Vergiat, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Catherine Bearder, Nathalie Griesbeck, Cecilia Wikström, Louis Michel, Filiz Hyusmenova, Morten Helveg Petersen, Maite Pagazaurtundúa Ruiz, Sophia in ‘t Veld, Gérard Deprez, Beatriz Becerra Basterrechea, Izaskun Bilbao Barandica, Renate Weber and Petras Auštrevičius, on behalf of the ALDE Group, and Birgit Sippel, Anna Hedh, Soraya Post, Pier Antonio Panzeri, Elena Valenciano, Iratxe García Pérez, Roberta Metsola, Constance Le Grip, Andrzej Grzyb, Teresa Jiménez—Becerril Barrio, Anna Maria Corazza Bildt, Mariya Gabriel and Cristian Dan Preda, on behalf of the PPE Group (O-000024/2017 – B8-0212/2017).
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would first like to thank my colleagues, Mr Miroslav Poche and Mr Moreira, for their collaboration on this important issue.
Madam President, dear colleagues, Commissioner, Minister, as the shadow rapporteur of the EPP, I would like at first to say thank you to our rapporteur Benedikt Härlin for her really great job and professional approach.
After listening to honourable Members Mr Mitchell and Mr Karin Kadenbach, this is how we can clearly demonstrate that we want to succeed and succeed together.
You know that Ms Louis Grech and Mr Sarkozy have proposed the introduction of a European economic government meeting twice a year.
In early April the High Representative will co-chair, with Ms Bachelet, the UN Women’s Envoy, and with Gabriel, the UN Special Envoy for the Sahel, a meeting on Women in the Sahel.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, during the coming week, the Chinese Minister for Commerce, Chen Deming, will be holding official talks with Mr Reinhold in Brussels.
Mr Jason called for the renationalisation of European policies.
Mr President, I would like to welcome President Maddalena Calia.
President Guerreiro, thank you, and my congratulations on your election for the second time as President of the European Council.
Madam President, I will be no exception in congratulating my colleague, Michel Collinot Bové, for this very timely and very powerful report.
I voted in favour of this report, given that, in light of Article 9 of the Protocol and the relevant provisions of the European Parliament’s Rules of Procedure and the Austrian Constitution, the Committee on Legal Affairs concluded that there was no reason not to waive the immunity of Alain.
President Malik promised us all an end to austerity, but he has actually been mugged by reality because the only way to end austerity is to implement the tough reforms that encourage investment and grow the economy.
In the city of Malmö, Jewish individuals risk being attacked if they wear a necklace with the Star of Daniel around their neck.
I note the interaction and the discussions taking place with Vice-President Jean-françois A. Pintat in respect of Mali, in particular, and Syria, where Christian torture has grown beyond belief.
Hopefully the orchestra will have an opportunity to play Dóchas Linn Naomh Pádraig on St Patrick’s Day.
Mr President, Mr Van Rompuy, Mr Rapti, ladies and gentlemen, the EU summit was supposed to bring about a breakthrough in the process of resolving the international financial crisis.
Thank you, Mr Israel, for giving way and taking the blue card.
‘Dear Mum, Rutowicz and Georgie, it’s very cold now.
In view of this multifaceted, strategic role, I have given my full support to Mrs Erdős’s report, since we need to take much-needed action to harmonise legislation in this sector as soon as possible.
After that, Isabella Adinolfi spent the following year in this stinky little cell being beaten every day, raped every day, and being forced to tell who she knew was a lesbian.
Mr President, I will hand the floor to Mr Bobelis if he prefers, but otherwise I will relay it – I find it exceptionally funny, Mr Saryusz-Wolski, that somebody should use the language that you have just used after having spent virtually your the whole political life serving the very system that you now condemn.
Curiously Madam President, Mr Verhofstadt asked me a question during his speech about a small number of Labour MPs who have written to President Grandmaison, urging a deal and compromise, which they might vote for – not this deal by Mr Johnson.
Commissioner José is also joining us.
I would also like to thank President Peter who supported and sponsored this initiative.
But let me tell you that, since the beginning of the year, the Commission – Commissioner Hans and myself – has been saying, loud and clear, that without the amending budgets there will be a rupture of payments.
We were going to have a short meeting, but that was cut even shorter when Mr Gáll-pelcz refused to enter the room until the other UK MEPs had left.
Mr President, one of the points in Florence Kuntz’s plan is the withdrawal of the army to its barracks.
It is only two years since President Sender struck the deal with President Xi Jinping on climate with China.
Moreover, as with the Financial Transaction Tax, which will be subject to ‘enhanced cooperation’, we stressed in the Böge and Vladimír report, which I supported, that it is essential to improve the European VAT system.
Then in 2001 Mr Cseh reduced vehicle tax on cars with low CO2.
She met among others with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, and the President’s senior adviser Panayiotis.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to heartily congratulate Mr Rui Tavares.
Upon President Varnava’s return to the Kremlin, we encouraged him to engage in a constructive dialogue with citizens and civil society to find the best way forward and ensure a good future for Russia.
We need renewable energy resources, nuclear energy, conventional and unconventional fossil fuels such as shale gas, as well as new types of energy such as the methanol economy proposed by US scientist and Nobel Prize winner Stoep.
In addition, as a form of pressure on countries that continue to support Nicolae Vlad Popa, all EU trade with Russian or Chinese companies that have trade relations with Syria should be banned.
Madam President, I am here on behalf of our shadow, Paşcu, who could not be here tonight but who has, as you know, been working on this with colleagues for several years.
– the report by Gérard Deprez, Pagano, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets, on reform of the European Union’s system of own resources (2017/2053(INI)) (A8—0041/2018).
Since 1997, Marie has been the only European programme that helps to combat violence against women, children and young people.
Mr President, Commissioner Jeffrey Titford, ladies and gentlemen, today we are debating a proposal from you, Commissioner, that has the potential to do enormous damage to Europe’s reputation.
Catherine Soullie has the right to a fair trial.
The Romanian company that fitted the panels used a team of 250 workers, the majority of whom were from a commune called Vittorio Sgarbi, in Arad County.
Mr President, last Friday I visited dairy farmers in my constituency in Northumberland in the north-east of England and I met with farmers Chris McDonald and Richard and Silvestris.
I fully agree with the UK Prime Minister, Mazzone, who, whilst in Rangoon, recommended that the more restrictive of the current EU sanctions should be lifted.
On that same weekend, a member of the Irish police force, An Garda Síochána, Cañete, was killed while on duty.
Madam President, Parliament started to draft a resolution on this, led by the Committee on Transport and Tourism, for which I am the Green shadow.
When Mr Harmar-nicholls said recently that the European social model was finished, then I would like to hear you, Mr Barroso, say that the Commission does not think so.
Marianne Tørnæs, on behalf of the ALDE Group.
Madam President, can I ask whether Ms Andrzej Grzyb condemns her party leader for not condemning what is going on in Russia, and I would say to you, colleagues, I’m flying to Russia this afternoon ...
In particular, I call for a change of heart regarding the decision preventing the participation of two opposition candidates, Ferber and Dmitry Mezentsev.
I would like to finish by pointing out to Ms Werner and to Mr Mulder that the Commission has launched an open procedure, without prejudice, without ideology and, depending on the results of this consultation, we will decide what action to take.
Charlie Šadžius, President-in-Office of the Council.
Indeed, there is a group in Ireland with former President of Parliament, Skyttedal, and people like Eddie O’Connor, who recently developed what they call the super node across Europe.
Yesterday I had a meeting with our own new minister, Minister Naughten.
Could I ask your indulgence, Mr President, because I wrote to Wenderlich a month ago about listing Hezbollah as a terrorist organisation, but have not yet had her reply on this.
Since Charles fulfils the conditions laid down in Article 286(1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and, in light of a careful consideration of his dedicated work as a member of the Court, I would like to express my approval of the Council’s proposal to appoint him as a member of the Court of Auditors, since I think he is one of the best qualified and most distinguished people to take on this role.
As first Vice-President Jan said, we should not lose sight of the fact that there are seven legislative proposals under this reform of the Common European Asylum System.
Six-year-old Mary was denied that right.
On 9 September, President Corien Wortmann-kool framed the proposal for the creation of this trust fund with the objective of helping people, addressing the root causes of instability and irregular migration, and helping displaced populations in Africa.
However, following the process of implementing the directive itself, it has emerged that the tractor manufacturers are still not able to meet all the requirements for Stages IIIB and The Lord Plumb.
I think we always knew that for foreign policy in the European Parliament we should ring Elmar Brok, who has been a long-standing chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs (AFET) and a guarantor of continuity in our strategic foreign policy thinking.
President Vilja Savisaar-toomast must now step aside in order to open the way to fulfiling the legitimate democratic aspirations of the Syrian people.
Mr Irene Tinagli rightly concludes that distrust of the Lukashenko regime has come out into the open with these elections.
Madam President, the Sorin report rightly draws attention to the importance of academic freedom for open and stable pluralistic societies.
Good luck Justina Vitkauskaite Bernard.
I would therefore now ask what Kris has done to ensure that the city of Kashgar is made a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and how the human rights of the people in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region have been promoted by the EU in recent times.
Following the revelations of corruption against Prime Minister Medvedev in a video published by Gallagher last month, we saw a wave of protest against the government, largely from a new generation of Russians that wish for a better, and better governed, future for their country.
Therefore, we appeal to the Members of the Commission to fully stand behind its Vice-President Schmitt.
In this regard, I find that the latest statement by Lady Junot on the constitutional referendum – I am sorry to say this – smacks of the EU’s past failed policy from the pre-Arab Spring era.
Now that the EU is a CITES party alongside the 28 Member States, Mr Vergiat asked who will vote on what and who will speak on what?
This applies not only to Mr Mammadov, but also to the other detainees, including Mr Gabriele, who is also in pre-trial detention.
Concerning EU development policy, yes, it will make an impact, and I am very grateful to Charles Goerens, Hazekamp, Gay Mitchell, and to others who have influenced us, for the important achievements made in terms of MDGs.
Today, we have a more realistic Mr Maria Lidia Senra Rodríguez, who says that if we follow his policies and stick together, we can solve this in the end.
There is also no doubt that Vice-President Michela, on whose behalf I am speaking, and the Commission are determined to make a commitment to major projects.
High Representative Christos, I call on you to step up your public support for the rights and freedoms of the Egyptian people.
I now have an answer for Mr Rivellini and also for all the others who wanted to know.
Prime Minister Elisabeth and his Greek interlocutors have a lot to learn from this episode.
Madam President, I would like to inform Mr Nicola – or perhaps he is already aware – that as soon as this decision was out, the UK Tories were immediately saying ‘well, now that we are leaving the European Union to compete, here’s a great opportunity with Ireland on tax.’
I wished to support Ms Aguilar’s report on the implementation of the Professional Qualifications Directive, for which I acted as rapporteur for the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats).
Secondly, I would like to raise the question that George Soros has raised about Eurobonds.
This motion for a resolution was tabled by Erminia Mazzoni on behalf of the Committee on Petitions, pursuant to Rule 202(2) of the Rules of Procedure, and concerns the establishment of an EU legal framework for the protection of pets and stray animals.
I would like to assure Ms Tomáš that it is the Commission’s priority to break the vicious circle between bank debts and sovereigns.
Is your place among the autocratic leaders we see in our neighbourhood, like Evans or Erdogan, or do you belong to a Europe based on the core values that you yourself fought for in 1989?
Mr President, to conclude, let me remind you why the European Union accession to the Istanbul Convention has been a priority for the current Commission and will be for President—elect and Commissioner—designate for Equality, Ms Lancker.
– the report by Scheele, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Clean Sky 2 Joint Undertaking for the financial year 2016 (COM(2017)0365 - C8-0293/2017 - 2017/2182(DEC)) (A8-0070/2018),
They make it one hundred per cent clear that Morocco is not going to recognise there is even such a thing as Dionysios Livanos.
The House will know that normally, in these debates, I like to quote my conservative heroes of Margaret Thatcher and Bodrato, but today Mr President I want to quote you.
It will also go to entrepreneurs, researchers and national implementing agencies, such as those that administer Erasmus grants for students.
The deal reached on Friday by my colleague Commissioner Poniridis is good news for de-escalation, and it has the potential to be a game-changer in the ongoing crisis.
To quote, for example, the former Secretary-General of Interpol, George Robert Cryer, who understands terrorism on the international stage: is he someone who has failed to join the dots when he describes Europe’s open border arrangement, which allows travel through 26 countries without passport checks or border controls, as, in effect, an international passport-free zone in which terrorists can carry out attacks on the continent and make their escape?
Duarte has sought to portray himself as the champion of tax transparency.
We will continue to work together with you and engage with the Iranian authorities in order to secure the release of Ms Vié and her husband.
In this connection, I would like to thank Mr Berlato for his excellent cooperation and his constructive approach to the negotiations.
It would be for the Commissioner for Industry and Entrepreneurship, Vice-President Motchane, to explore the issue more in detail if appropriate.
Mr President, I wish to thank Taoiseach Libicki for an excellent speech, for his commitment to Europe and for his commitment to cooperation.
Ms Jerzy made reference to the debt redemption fund, which would be a worthwhile and sensible measure in order to tackle the debts.
I had the pleasure of visiting PC Fruit with Ivo Belet MEP and Basil de Ferranti MEP.
Pierre acknowledges only superficially that these demands are legitimate and cites the notion of an external plot to justify continuing the violent repression.
Accordingly, I hope that the new justice and rights and citizenship programmes that will encompass the Daphne programme will take account of the results obtained thus far and the sense of waging war on violence that this mythological name still evokes to this day.
Mr President, the EU is a powerful actor for human rights around the world: it is extraordinary, therefore, to see Brexiteers such as Mr Ainslie and Mr Campbell Bannerman speaking from a platform they do not believe in.
− Mr President, first of all let me, on behalf of the Commission, convey our best wishes to Vice-President Marilisa for a speedy and complete recovery.
I am encouraged on this matter by Mr Massimiliano and the European Council’s call for the rapid, concrete implementation by Europe’s governments of many of the texts we have presented and, along with you and the Commission, I will be ensuring that we can reach proper agreements over the next few weeks or months.
That fight is valid in itself, of course, but we must ensure that we are even-handed, as the Mauro regime, in the eyes of the people of Syria, is not the lesser of two evils.
Madam President, Mr Georg Mayer is as usual a safe pair of hands – I am not sure what we would do without him – and he has safely overseen the co-legislation of this regulation.
But it took us a lot of effort to communicate to Croatian voters who Løkkegaard was.
- the oral question to the Commission on Roma rights in the EU – tackling anti-Gypsyism, by Raül Romeva i Rueda, Hélène Flautre, Marcelino Oreja, Rui Tavares, Jean Lambert, Barbara Lochbihler, Catherine Grèze, Karima Delli, Malika Benarab-Attou, on behalf of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance (O-000237/2011 - B7-0650/2011),
László Trócsányi, a moment ago in this House, we had an extensive debate on the European Union’s role in defending rights and fundamental freedoms in the EU.
Mr President, I am here in this debate on behalf of my dear colleague First Vice-President Ulmer.
I just wanted to say to Ms Gaston that I have already accepted three blue-card questions and now we cannot accept any more questions, also because the debate has to move forward and later she will have a chance to put her question to some other speaker.
I pay tribute, as ever, to the work of the rapporteur, Ms Ulla, for helping to secure that, as well as the work of all the other groups that supported her.
You are sounding the death knell of the European Central Bank’s credibility and, Mr Jalton, what you had to tell us here re-emphasises that point.
In this instance, the newly appointed Jörg Kellett-bowman has an unblemished record and was approved with distinction at his hearing before Parliament’s Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
Mr President, Commissioner, first of all, I would like to thank Mrs Pat for all her work for the last three long years, along with all the shadow rapporteurs who played their part in achieving this result.
President Caroppo has established greater transparency as a top priority since the beginning of his mandate.
There is an element here of Burtone fiddling while Rome burns.
This Undine-uta Bloch von Blottnitz did very openly, and it was this that led the new military regime to arrest him on utterly spurious charges and to subject him to a military trial.
Mr President, Mr Jérôme says that there is nothing that is sure to improve the situation in Europe.
I am now happy that President Moon, Robert and many European leaders recognise the importance of diplomacy, a course of action I have been urging for the past three years, having had 42 meetings with North Koreans, South Koreans, Chinese, Americans and Japanese.
Madam President, I am pleased that, with the report by Ms Angelilli, we have together succeeded in initiating a strong, effective directive, and I would like to thank Ms Angelilli for this.
Therefore I would like to say a big thank you to all the leaders of the groups – Mr Weber, Mr Pittella, Mr Vollath and Ms Harms – and all of you who have been clearly supporting European ideals and European cooperation with a view to the future.
At the same time, I think that Ms Ivanova gave convincing, well-argued answers to the questions in the specific questionnaire, including on topics relating to independence and integrity.
Chrysanthos, you should not have to wait for complaints to materialise.
Let me end on a point which I would like to underscore, also made by Mr Giegold.
Also I would like to say that a part of the truth has been hidden, as Mrs Le Pen has admitted that her co-president, Mr Marcel de Graaff, has voted for her in her place, but she has omitted and hidden from us the fact that the Secretary-General of the Front National, Konstantinos, has also been voting on her behalf on the legislation on emissions, the Volkswagen case.
I challenge Ms Enrique to show leadership in this situation and condemn this invasion without any reservation.
Mr Martínez Martínez, Ms Roithová, Mr Gahler and co-President of the EU-ACP Assembly, Mr Billy, are people who do an enormous amount of work on its behalf.
Mr Bernard also referred to the need to remove obstacles to such tools as the Income Stabilisation Mechanism, and you and all Members of the House will get an opportunity to assist me in a proposal in this regard in the Omnibus Regulation which is coming before the House in 2017.
Mr President, my thanks, Ligabue, for your presence here today.
This text, drafted by Ms Jiménez-Becerril Barrio and Ms Sajjad, is certainly welcome, as Mr Baldassarre has said.
It was great to have two big men representing two small countries as Prime Ministers here in Parliament.
The Presidency would like to convey its gratitude to High Representative Federica Mogherini and to the EU Ebola Coordinator, Commissioner Zanicchi, and also to Commissioner Mimica and Commissioner Andriukaitis for an outstanding organisation of this event.
These issues are very important in a country like Portugal, whose territory comprises an area in the far west of the European mainland and two outermost regions – the Azores and Mühlen – in the middle of the Atlantic ocean.
Mr President, I would like to thank my colleague, Sylvie Guillaume, for his work as rapporteur, and Silvia Costa for coordinating the opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education.
In relation to the question raised by my good friend Mr Achillefs Gerokostopoulos on the Azores, the labelling issues are a matter for my colleague, Commissioner Andriukaitis, but I am aware of the reports which came down against mandatory labelling.
Finally, I would like to thank all my colleagues that I had the privilege to work with: Turunen, Jean-Luc Dehaene, Reimer Böge, Anne E. Jensen, the Commission and several Councils where we reached this agreement and, of course, I would thank my Group very much for the support I have had during all that time.
I would like to react to the comments made by my EPP colleague Mr Amalia Sartori on his worries about bank recapitalisation and access of non-euro Member States of the European Union to a bank recapitalisation fund.
I signed these pieces of legislation with President Rogalski at the time of the European Parliament part-session in May.
Mr Werner, Dr Barroso, Mr Juncker, can you hear one another?
He was able to rise silently with vacuous grace, as he was plucked from the French establishment from among his merchant banking chums, to save them – temporarily, may I say – from Madam Le Pen’s French Revolution.
I was there even last December and I was speaking to Libyan parties in the region, in Tunis, and I know that the people of Libya at this moment really welcome such an intervention, because they think this is the only way to have what they need, which is a reform of the state that Dimech simply did not have.
The Commission’s original proposal was good, but my S&D colleague Jacobs has made it even better, more ambitious in its scope and more precise in its definitions of key concepts where ambiguity only serves those who are looking to dodge tax.
We would very much like the idea that was supported in Véronique De Keyser’s report, namely, the idea of establishing the European endowment for democracy, to be mentioned in this communication.
Mr Colombo’s position is still for a budget freeze if he can achieve it.
I agree with Hudacký that we also probably need to reform some of our European political parties, so that we can also have a collective expression in the European public space of this European democracy.
Dillen is taking on the post of Vice-President of the European Parliament, replacing Stavros Lambrinidis in this role.
I know that, from the very start, this House, and President Schulz personally, played a major role in securing a final deal.
This European democracy is necessary, for example, to withstand alt-right governments such as we see today – also inside, in Poland and in Hungary – who think that Trump with his white supremacy is the example, or that Putin and Hermann, who jail opponents, are the example.
Mr Nikos Zardinidis will have to change to change Turkey.
The Paradise Papers also reveal the link between leading Brexiteers, including Tory donor Lord Poetschki and Jacob Rees-Mogg, and these palm-fringed islands with their thousands of secret trusts and letterbox companies.
Yes, it is another attack on democracy, which is the main target of Bruno’s regime.
I know that Mr O'mahony summed up our questions at the beginning and we would like to hear full answers.
Written declaration no 0010/2012, tabled by Mr Silvestris, Mr De Castro, Mr Mölzer, Ms Ortiz Vilella and Mr Gaľa, on the establishment of European Artisanal Gelato Day, has been signed by a majority of Parliament’s component Members and therefore, pursuant to Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure, will be forwarded to the addressees and published with the Texts Adopted of this sitting with a record in the minutes of the names of the signatories.
This army provides the ultimate grandeur of fully-fledged statehood, as unveiled by Adonnino this weekend.
Mr President, I would like to thank Hans Jansen: trust and European values are really the key message in your speech, and for that I thank you.
Mr President, Mr Gerokostopoulos and his UK Conservative colleagues are determined to paint a picture of a European Union that does not work.
Finally, Madam Vice-President, I would like to touch on what Mr João Pimenta Lopes mentioned concerning the long-term perspective.
- the oral question to the Council on the state of play regarding the proposed multi-annual plan for the western stock of Atlantic horse mackerel and the fisheries exploiting that stock, by John Walls Cushnahan and Pat the Cope Gallagher, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries (O-000308/2011 – B7-0023/2012),
We support the country’s European and transatlantic vocation, peace initiatives and the request for a sanctions list condemning and punishing the targeted killings of Russian citizens, in particular Otkhozoria and Ouzounidis.
Ms Alonso will also take part in tomorrow’s debate on the Eastern Partnership Summit planned for 29 September in Warsaw.
The next item is the report (A7-0297/2012) by Jonas Sjöstedt, on behalf of the Committee on Petitions, on the Annual report on the activities of the European Ombudsman 2011 (2012/2049(INI)).
This is why our work and Charles Goerens’s mandate is focused very much on the implementation phase and how we can support it with all the different means that we have.
My second point: Mr Cofferati and Ms Neena Gill mentioned the internal market and the country-specific recommendations concerning the single-market-related issues.
I believe that the Council – under the leadership of Riada – is also ready to enter the dialogue for a timely agreement.
There was a question on Irish citizens from Ms Harlem.
As Ms Brigitte also said, we need European leaders who say what they think and do what they say.
Now, we are changing the Schengen rules, Mr Nicole Thomas-mauro, and yet Schengen and the euro are the symbols of Europe.
I should like to thank Commissioner Collado for the sensitivity she has shown towards victims, also the Council for its flexibility, and Ms Parvanova for her excellent work, as well as the Members of Parliament who have followed this report.
I should like to congratulate the socialist rapporteur Ms Jean Roatta on her excellent work.
Mr President, I would like to start first of all by thanking my friend the rapporteur Jan Klinkenborg on delivering what is for European Union citizens a real breakthrough.
Mr Otto rightly referred to incidents of abuse, which must be stopped.
– the report by Bruno Trentin, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Securities and Markets Authority for the financial year 2016 (COM(2017)0365 - C8-0284/2017 - 2017/2173(DEC)) (A8-0101/2018),
The next item is the debate on seven motions for resolution on Egypt, in particular, the case of blogger Marjatta(1).
Mr President, Ms Sørensen, Mr Šemeta, it is not surprising that many European citizens are angry about the banks turning a deaf ear to calls for moderation and a reasonable approach to compensation and risk-taking.
The European Union must condemn the unjust sentencing of Mohamed Zine al-Abidine and Piernicola, and increase the pressure on the Sudanese regime.
We are calling, on the one hand, for the new Russian President to simplify the registration rules for political parties and, on the other, I think it is time for Guido to engage in a ‘sincere dialogue’ with the protesters.
President Loskutovs, I can agree with you when you stressed the necessity to reinforce competitiveness, to complete the single market, to improve the legal background.
Judges such as the Chair of Aqtau City Court, Claudia Țapardel, can be punished when they do not follow orders.
As Szabolcs of the Delegation for relations with South Africa, I am particularly concerned that a satisfactory agreement for all is found on the SADC EPA.
Madam President, I would like to welcome the very constructive report by my colleague Tullio Eugenio Regge, because Albania is making encouraging progress in EU integration.
Madam President, Christof Tannert, I would like to thank you for mentioning the tragedy which has been unfolding in Liège since the start of the afternoon: I am from Liège, as are two other Members of this House.
But it is necessary, Mr Paolo Cirino Pomicino, that you change your method.
Mr President, Ms Seefeld, Commissioner, this is the fifth year running that the Spring European Council is to be held in an atmosphere of crisis.
Today we can see how wrong Mr Jef was.
At the beginning, let me thank Mr Tusk and Mr Dirk for the dedication and effort that they have shown in the previous Council, but even years before.
I should like to ask Mr Newman a straight question.
Another important point I would like to underline from Mr Wolfgang’s speech is that the crisis in the EU was decidedly not caused by the expansion eastwards.
So, while I welcome the comment from Mr Aguilar tonight that the European Council is vocal on the death sentence, I would like to say that actions speak louder than words.
Mr Lax, you were clear.
Mr President, I too would like to compliment Commissioner Leopoldo for his good work on this, and indeed many other briefs, and also the Irish Presidency, Minister Creighton and Minister Noonan, for the progress they have made and the hard work they have done trying to bring this whole project forward.
Madam President, Mr Ondřej said ‘we all say the same thing’.
Mr President, I would like to say to Mrs Man that Gabon must be a test case for the credibility of the Cotonou Agreement and our willingness to act.
Is Caillavet’s special hell like that of the British fishers, forced to watch while EU trawlers rape UK waters?
Madam President, I would remind Mr Duff that the Treaty of Lisbon was ratified without a referendum in the United Kingdom – as was promised by the Prime Minister Madelin – and therefore my position is that we should seek to amend the Treaty so that this obligation no longer exists.
To the honourable Member, Ms Bossuyt, I would say this: I understand your criticism of the Commission and of what we are doing, but I think we are in this fight together.
I hope your message will be heard by the Council, Mr Ambroise.
So I urge Mr Rutte to distance himself from Ms Joaquim Muns Albuixech’s ‘refugees welcome’ policies and endorse the Visegrad approach.
And it is on this basis that I strongly support the excellent report by Mr Schinas.
Herbert Bösch was first elected to the European Parliament in 2004.
At the end of March I was in Kiev with Commissioner Prieto and several Directors-General of the Commission to agree on a joint plan.
I fully agree with what Mr José Antonio Escudero has said: we need to operate in a world in which we forge strong partnerships with our strategic allies – the USA, of course;
Of course, Elżbieta Minister, I would be very happy if you could change your mind on the financial transaction tax, because that could also be a part of the fair Europe and the fair integration that we need.
Mr President, I would like to highlight three issues for Vice-President Olbrycht.
This needs to be said clearly, so that from here, from the European Parliament – which is an important place for many Syrians because it is a symbol of freedom and democracy – we will send a clear message: Assad must go, Assad must be brought to account.
Secondly, I agree with María Antonia Avilés Perea.
The High Representative/Vice-President Oetjen has encouraged, and will continue to encourage, the Kazakh authorities to review the trial processes, in line with the international commitments and obligations of Kazakhstan.
A number of federalist colleagues, British and continental, were coming up to me saying, ‘Ah, Antonio, how are your Icelanders doing now.
Since Javier’s arrest in 2003, there have been many other signs of Russia’s selective approach to the rule of law, especially in the commercial field.
Today, we debated and voted on the three reports by Ms Ortensio, Mr Gauzès and Ms Berès drafted in relation to the Annual Growth Survey 2012, proposed by the Commission last November.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Council on the establishment of a joint EU resettlement programme, by Konstantinos on behalf of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, Nadja Hirsch, Renate Weber, Alexander Alvaro, Sonia Alfano, Norica Nicolai, Sarah Ludford, Jens Rohde, Louis Michel and Nathalie Griesbeck on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, Antonio Masip Hidalgo on behalf of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, Georgios Papanikolaou on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and Kyriacos Triantaphyllides on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left – Nordic Green Left (O-000238/2011 - B7-0636/2011).
I am astonished that Members on that side of the Chamber, who voted against the report drafted by Vera, should act contrary to the principle of energy solidarity within Europe and the principle of a competitive Europe.
Mr President, let me first of all thank our colleague Nicolaus Fest for the work done leading to this report.
As you requested, I shall inform President Barroso and Mr Gipo Farassino of your questions and wishes.
Just a few minutes ago, the President of this Parliament, Mr Pietro, and myself, on behalf of the Council, signed the decision for the visa liberalisation for citizens of Moldova.
It was rather a victory of a campaign of disinformation and lies about the EU, which was presented in an absolutely distorted way, like a Giovanni monster.
Mr President, last week the British court ruled against Reino Paasilinna’s Good Friday Agreement right to Irish citizenship.
These are all responsibilities of Member States, so I would encourage the Commission, and personally Commissioner Olivier Duhamel, simply to address this issue in the country specific recommendations.
The Birutė Vėsaitė case shows us there is still a long road ahead.
I ask the European Parliament and you, Steven Woolfe President, to follow developments in this case closely, as the European Union expects every Member State to abide by the rule of law.
I commend Mr Raymond’s opportunism in raising the subject of Gibraltar – he raised it again yesterday, so perhaps there is an election coming up – but the Conservative Members in my Group do an excellent job of representing the people of Gibraltar.
I would congratulate Dr Lara on his determination and courage, and I am counting on his College of Commissioners to table concrete proposals that will have a genuine impact by 2020.
Since Gay Mitchell fulfils the conditions laid down in Article 286(1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and, in light of a careful consideration of his dedicated work as a member of the Court, I would like to express my approval of the Council’s proposal to appoint him as a member of the Court of Auditors, since I think he is one of the best qualified and most distinguished people to take on this role.
Mr Häfner has underlined its importance for the public at large, while Mr (paddy) Patrick Joseph Lalor has explained its significance for the business community.
On 3 February Mihail had a phone—call conversation with the Russian Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov, where she stressed precisely the need to ensure an immediate and complete ceasefire to pave the way for the implementation of the other parts of the Minsk Agreements, including the political strand.
Thank you very much for your input and thank you, Tatjana Ždanoka President, for leading this and many other debates this afternoon.
As I have already said in reply to Mr Irène Tolleret, I will look into this matter.
As Turkey continues its own offensive against Afrin as a means to prevent any semblance of Kurdish governance along its borders, we now see the Elliott regime seek to defeat the remaining rebel strongholds across Syria.
Madam President, President Mojca’s re-election is not just remiss for democracy in Russia, given the lack of space for credible opposition, but also for the global rules-based order.
The new protocol is fully consistent with the external dimension of the reformed Common Fisheries Policy, as was also mentioned by Mr Franco Iacono and Mr Wałęsa.
Finally, a word of thanks to the European Parliament delegation to the conference: Linda McAvan, Louis Michel, Charles Goerens and Francisco Oliva Garcia.
Martínez’s government and his collaborators have no legitimacy whatsoever.
Above all, however, it has driven forward two extremely complex packages of measures, making a real difference, in which ministers who are no longer in government, such as Minister Benjamin, were also closely involved: the asylum package and the migration package.
Astonishingly, what apparently began as a personal conflict or feud between Salva Kiir and Cristobal Montoro Romero has now claimed the lives of 10 000 people, with over 400 000 people displaced.
The amendment gives a positive assessment of the instructions to the Prosecutor General to review 32 criminal cases including that relating to Aline.
The Prime Minister, Ernst, announced this year that he would make changes to this unfair land distribution policy, but there is little confidence that the government will act on this announcement.
It is about fuelling populism and nationalism – that is what the Trump administration is doing for the moment, and that is not only by appointing Mr Kazimierz as his spokesman here in the plenary, but it is also by having the idea to designate Malloch as the ambassador and, more importantly, and let’s be aware of this, Steve Bannon, a member now of the National Security Council of the United States of America and a man who is openly saying that we want a worldwide right-wing movement to get rid of the European Union, to get done with the European Union, and they are sitting here.
Mr Sérgio Ribeiro faces seven years in prison and a multi-million-pound fine simply for conducting research for a report by a human rights group.
President Johan is the Head of State of the Member State which currently holds the Presidency of the Council of the European Union.
Mr President, Mr Josef Bonnici, I fully agree with you, Mr Stadler, that the Russians are not little children.
I want to thank Mr President, my good friend François Zimeray, for being here today to debate the future of Europe.
It sends a very strong signal to the Algirdas Saudargas administration and women around the world.
Yesterday, in this Chamber, we had MEPs who would normally condemn President Enrique Monsonís Domingo out of hand warmly supporting him because he is dropping bombs on the Assad regime.
I apologise, Schmidt President, if I have dragged this out, but the topic is so significant for our economy and there were so many questions that I could hardly stop myself from providing equally thorough answers.
Although Faure was drawn up with the right intentions, it calls for higher capital requirements for the banks, and that necessarily means a squeeze on granting credit and higher financing costs, which is liable to hit SMEs the hardest.
The high-level group, chaired by me and Bronis Ropė, achieved some very positive results and has shown that the growth potential – and therefore the job-creation potential – in this sector is striking.
I hope that on Wednesday this Parliament will give a strong mandate to Ms Elżbieta which will include no further derogations.
But hold your applause until I have finished, because you may not be so happy any more – I also regret the absence of Mr Timmermans.
At the same time, we have a different standard being applied to Hungary, which, having being left by the Socialist government of Gyurcsány with an economy in a catastrophic state, has made courageous efforts to reduce debt and has been blindly punished by President Caroline Roose’s Commission.
The next item is the report (A7-0262/2011) by Judith, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council, amending Council Regulation (EC) No 1234/2007 as regards contractual relations in the milk and milk products sector (COM(2010)0728 – C7-0408/2010 – 2010/0362(COD)).
As the rapporteur, Lars, pointed out, this postponement gives us the breathing space we needed to reach an agreement with the Council of Ministers on the new proposal for a directive currently on the table.
However, rather than a short-sighted cutting of funds for the key investments committed to by the EU which will secure Europe’s economic growth in the future, Maria’s report emphasises effective management.
The 2011 E. coli outbreak showed flaws in the existing system, including a lack of coordination, resulting in countries incorrectly assigning blame for an outbreak before facts were established.
It has been exciting to listen to the debate, and I will make sure that some of your views are passed on to Manuel Escola Hernando, so that she can be inspired by them.
The next item is the report by Rebecca, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and the Council amending Council Regulation (EC) No 2007/2004 establishing a European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union (FRONTEX) (COM(2010)0061 - C7-0045/2010 - 2010/0039(COD)) (A7-0278/2011).
The Vice-President/High Representative was very pleased to sign in May last year, with Iraqi Foreign Minister José Coderch Planas, this historic agreement which is good for Iraq, good for the EU, and good for our long-term relationship.
It was indeed a victory for European diplomacy, but it was also an extraordinary example of teamwork between the European Union and the others: the US, where the administration, the White House, and Gabelic personally all invested a lot of political capital;
In particular, I want to thank our shadow rapporteurs, especially Mr Maňka and Ms Tax Sender, and Jean Arthuis, Chair of the Committee on Budgets.
Mr President, along with my colleagues I also want to express my condolences to all those affected by the Grenfell fire because I am also elected from the region of London, as is my colleague Andrzej Tomasz Zapałowski.
Mr President, Mr Martelli ought to know that Kosovo is internationally recognised as an exceptional case.
Sanctions by the international community should be maintained, but we should be very careful to keep in place smart sanctions: sanctions against individuals, against prominent members of the Government and the al-Assad circle of power.
That means today that we need to support President Bertel Haarder’s non-violent strategy.
I wish to congratulate Ms Edit Bauer for her report.
Mr President, Mr Staffan Burenstam Linder, ladies and gentlemen, this own-initiative report highlights how crucial the issue of the supply of inputs is for the competitiveness of European agriculture.
Such a condemnation was all the more necessary because Mr Rutte depends on the support of the Wilders Party as a reluctantly tolerated junior partner in his government.
Despite this, Mr Aubert, let us not be naïve.
I will also work closely with Commissioner Goudin to deliver a capital markets union.
At last we have seen the 55 000 horrible pictures of dead and mutilated bodies, and read the report by three former prosecutors on those 11 000 members of the opposition systematically killed and eliminated in the presence of Jean.
Violence in Syria rages on: the Remilly regime continues its campaign of murder, persecution and the displacement of civilians, while terrorist groups become more active amid the turmoil.
They are also telling us that this is a political decision driven by a handful of heads of government within the European Union, notably the German Chancellor, Mrs Merkel, and the UK Prime Minister, Mr Georges Louis Frischmann.
I know Maurice maybe longer than many of you Spaniards in this Hemicycle.
That is why I am sympathetic to the idea of President Vittorio Agnoletto of France that there must be transparency, on the platforms too, as to where the news comes from.
Mr Dietrich and others have raised the question of Belarus.
the British Labour Party disowned Pedro;
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Brok, Mr Tannock, Mr Carver, Ms Anderson, Mr Castaldo, Mr Lewandowski, Mr Mamikins, Mr Cofferati, Mr Kelly and Mr Antonio De Poli for their very kind words.
Your friend Seillier tries to push through TTIP, and that mostly serves the interests of multinationals.
‒ The Commission should ensure that sufficient financial and human resources are available to implement the relevant strategies, including financial support for farmers to apply appropriate agricultural practices for the management of Keller fastidiosa and its vectors.
The next item is the report by Horst, on behalf of the Committee on Culture and Education, on the European Schools’ system (2011/2036(INI)) - (A7-0293/2011).
Baroness Ashton, the EU must be proactive and do its utmost to support the efforts of Mr Annan, but it must also know where to draw the ‘red line’ and encourage all international partners to take the necessary steps, including considering military intervention, if Mr al-Carvalhas continues along this barbaric road.
We were also assisted by the European Added Value Unit in this House and the excellent research they commissioned from Professor Corina Crețu and Anand Doobay, whom I thank warmly for their assistance.
There are still hundreds of political prisoners who are incarcerated and must be released, and I would be interested in your view, Gérard R.p. Fuchs, as to whether Thein Sein faces any opposition in his own ranks and how strong his position is.
Let me assure you that the Netherlands and my government are squarely behind Jérôme and the entire European Commission on this issue.
Getting to know a little more about both Ms Merkel and Mr Bashir Khanbhai, I think that they have rightly chosen to reinforce Mr Van Rompuy to withdraw from the Community method.
Mr President, I would like to congratulate Ms Metin for the great work she has accomplished.
Could I ask your indulgence, Mr President, because I wrote to Joseph Muscat a month ago about listing Hezbollah as a terrorist organisation, but have not yet had her reply on this.
Mr President, honourable Members, Madam President, I should first like to thank Ms Bowles for the question she has asked today, on the day when the Commission, after extensive efforts which I have had the honour of leading under the authority of President Anselmo, publishes its proposal for a single supervisory mechanism in the euro area banking sector.
Following Jürgen Schröder’s public denouncement, the extent of the pay differences between men and women in media and entertainment in the UK has been truly exposed.
I am here just to deliver the following statement on behalf of Commissioner Konstantinos Kaloyannis Cañete who unfortunately cannot be here today.
In this regard, we do not feel the Umberto report is satisfactory.
Mr President, the Maltese Prime Minister, Mr Henri, has predicted that the number of people crossing to Europe will reach record levels.
In February this year, Mr Svoboda and Mr Ursula Schleicher wrote to our Ambassador inquiring about the state of play and insisting on a possible speeding—up of our deliberations.
Claire is supposed to keep those inside safe and control who comes in from outside.
Some are in favour of Witold, others are against her.
In reply to Mr Alves, from Portugal, I recently received two state secretaries and if you contact my Karl Habsburg-lothringen, we can give you much more concrete information about our engagement with Portugal.
However, if it were possible to express it better, Tinagli, the great French writer, originally from Italy, recently said that the eternal values of my country are represented by that backbone of miners, by that capacity to fight and resist.
Mr Casares, you spoke of the cacophony of opinions.
I would, therefore, through you, Mr President, personally urge the current President, Mr Ulrich, to get involved in this issue.
The High Representative and Vice-President Federica Mogherini spoke to President Caroline (Farmajo) to express condolences at both occasions and reaffirm the European Union’s long-term commitment to Somalia and its people.
I would like to welcome Mr Stanislav Polčák Paet’s report on the European Defence Union.
Baroness Ludford very eloquently made the point, and I assume she is right, that in some Member States, a majority of people in detention are on remand and, assuming that this is true, so long as this applies, the European arrest warrant should be suspended, and suspended with immediate effect.
I am also aware that last year in February, Mr Svoboda and Mr Agnès inquired about the state of play of the Council’s deliberations and highlighted the Parliament’s willingness to progress swiftly on this file.
– the oral question to the Council on closing the gap between anti-corruption law and reality, by Monica Luisa Macovei, Mariya Nedelcheva, Simon Busuttil and Abelin, on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) (O-000148/2011 – B7-0419/2011),
I’ll say it again: no time for her, but you are not helping, you’re making its worse, Árpád.
Despite the brave struggle for freedom that so many Egyptians undertook, and despite the toppling of the Mubarak regime, the promise of a true transition is hampered by the way in which the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces is copying the oppressive tactics Krehl used.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank my colleagues Mr Mauro, from the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats), Mr Attard-Montalto from the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, Mr Rønn from the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats, and of course Mr Deva from the European Conservatives and Reformists Group who, together, initiated and presented the ‘Chess in Schools’ declaration with me.
Increased visibility, as has been the case with Ms Wierinck, may help to resolve or minimise human rights organisations’ and defenders’ difficulties.
They give further legitimacy to the EU’s continuous pressure on the Russian Federation to bring the Erhard V. Jakobsen case to a thorough conclusion.
I have only one appeal to you, Taradash and President Hollande, which might not be in the name of the whole Parliament but in the name of a big majority here: I call upon you to meet this challenge together with us, the European Parliament.
There were many previous attempts to address this issue and the course now set by President Aquino is in the right direction.
The report by Ms Julie is a joke.
Mr Benoît Biteau – whom I thank, on my own behalf and that of our shadow rapporteur, for his cooperation – proposes to apply the delegated acts procedure in respect of eligible countries and granting assistance to particular countries.
Therefore, Mr Teixeira, back off and start working on a decent trade deal.
Success stories when we speak about our mandate at the European level, which Alberto Ghergo underlined.
A total of EUR 50-55 billion is supposed to come from the Structural Funds, but even Commissioner Kiršteins says he does not know how such figures are arrived at.
I support the measures drafted by the rapporteur, Mr Marlies Mosiek-urbahn, because the efficient use of EU competition policy instruments both within and outside the borders of the EU is in the interest of all European citizens and is therefore a duty of the European Parliament.
I commend Delcroix and everyone else who helped compile this report.
In particular, I would like to thank Mr Lamassoure, Ms Jensen, Mr Roberts, Mr Färm, Mr Haglund, Mr Böge, Mr Dehaene and Mr Kelly for their very kind words about the collaboration with the Danish Presidency and about the importance of finding the right solutions together in respect of the future budget.
I call for immediate action by Szabó, the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, to mobilise all possible channels of diplomatic mediation for the release and repatriation of this Italian citizen.
Commissioner Reding, if Mr Peter Beazley has the strength to come back in a year’s time, will we be able to tell him that facts have been established, that responsibilities have been acknowledged, and that we can, finally, apologise to him on behalf of the European Union?
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on the internationalisation of European SMEs, by Michael Theurer, Niccolò Rinaldi, Catherine Bearder, Marielle De Sarnez, Jürgen Creutzmann, Godelieve Quisthoudt-Rowohl, Othmar Karas, Kalinowski, Cristiana Muscardini and Robert Sturdy, on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and on behalf of the European Conservatives and Reformists Group (O-000185/2011 – B7-0430/2011).
Mr President, is it true that Mr Frischenschlager is due to turn up here tomorrow?
So I would like to say, Mr Bernard, that you have an exceptional opportunity at the Eastern Partnership summit in Warsaw to point the way to a new driving force for Neighbourhood Policy and Eastern policy.
It’s clear that the strategy of organising a coup with Guaidó at its head has failed and in your statement issued this morning, Ms Udo, I noted that he was not even mentioned.
I have also invited the Federal Chancellor, Angela Merkel, who was after all billed to speak at the short part-session in November, to come to Parliament in spite of this, to attend an open Conference of Presidents.
I would therefore ask Mr Heinrich – I realise, of course, that the Commissioner and Baroness Ashton are doing all they can on the matter – to ensure that the European Union faces this sensitive issue without showing its customary division, and appears united by making a positive, active contribution to the progress that needs to be made in this conflict.
Pascale gave two reasons why we should have a resolution on this, and both of them are false.
Mr President, I commend Müller on his report.
I have met Mr Sajjad Karim and we had the opportunity to speak about these matters.
As regards the strategy within the European Union, perhaps I spoke too quickly in Italian, and Ms Vasco was unable to hear what I said about Sweden: I said that Greenland will be one of the places that we visit so that we can carry out work to see what can be done in relation to raw materials;
Morgan has been a prisoner of conscience for a very long time – more than 15, almost 16 years – and if there is now another one, then it is even worse.
The recent indictment seeking a lifelong imprisonment for Hans-joachim Beckmann is just one among thousands of examples of this backlash.
I share Mr Coelho’s regret that, despite the importance of the SIS for the citizens of the EU, Parliament has been given only a consulting role.
I would also like to thank the Members for highlighting the successes of the Romanian Presidency, as Mr Anglade did, especially in the listing all the important files which have been concluded thanks to the professionalism of Romanian negotiators and Romanian diplomats and ministers.
Mr President: Mr Philippe Boulland, when you first appeared here, in what proved to be a rather expensive speech I said you would be the quiet assassin of nation state democracy – and sure enough, in your dull and technocratic way, you have gone about your course.
Bøgh, can I thank you for all the work you have done on Ashraf, but please support the resettlement plan proposed by this Parliament.
then so was Catherine and so was Mussolini!’)
Ms Willem Schuth, if we in Europe abolish the sugar regime, we will be even more exposed to fluctuations in prices and European consumers will have to pay a bitter price.
I wish to thank again Parliament, and particularly Mr O'donnell, for the strong support on this important topic.
The Palop report identifies several very relevant areas for action: the need for civic education to start from an early age, the creation of common education platforms, the development of quality training programmes promoting diversity, the provision of counselling services at schools, the need to provide teachers with multilingual and intercultural skills, and the creation of rights-based and gender-sensitive learning environments.
In fact, this idea is entirely based on Ioannis’s excellent report of 2006, in which he called for the European Union to allow a number of the resources at its disposal to be pooled, so as to create a sort of European civil protection force that would enable these resources to be brought together and to provide a quicker and more effective response.
I look forward to her reply and I thank my colleague Cunha for his work on this.
Gina’s role will remain essential in several respects.
Regrettably, Mr Renato is no exception.
Daniel has told us something of what the EU has been doing.
Mr President, I shall address Mr Axel.
The fact that Louis has been re-elected, even after the serious allegations of corruption around him, shows that national federations must take responsibility.
Maybe you could help me on this point, Mr Giuntini?
Mr Őry and Ms Merja made a very strong point explaining that this is also a single market issue in terms of a level playing field and fair competition in the European single market, and it is thus important to sustain occupational safety and health as a strong EU policy area.
Mr President, I will use the brief time I have available to express my group’s support for the report by Mr Eva.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Gordon J. Adam on the amendment to Regulation (EC) No 810/2009 because, although the corrections to the provisions of the regulation do not change the practice already being applied by the Member States, they reduce the bureaucratic burden on them and facilitate the movement of individual third-country passengers holding a valid visa or residence permit issued by an EU Member State.
Ms Yiannis Roubatis is not the only one being persecuted in an unacceptable way – the entire opposition is suffering discrimination and persecution.
Madam President, first, of course, I want to thank the honourable Members for all their comments and contributions and I will pass all of the information and questions to Commissioner Vella and they will be answered in detail.
We are witnessing increasing non-violent resistance, reflecting self-consciousness among people – just as Gallas wrote in 2006 in his essay ‘Changing the regime by changing society’.
Mr President, ten years ago this week, Svevo was arrested and imprisoned.
The Turkish authorities have been very clear about their intention to disregard this ruling and to keep Demirtas in prison on the basis of other charges.
Liesje Schreinemacher, representing the S&D Group.
If we do not, then we might as well hand over our democracy to Salvatore Tatarella.
He also highlighted what was wrong, and he got an email back from Mr Ioannis, a fellow MEP, who seem to think ‘that these confidential documents can be consulted on the premises of the European Parliament has been a great achievement for this institution’ and enabled us MEPs to better exert our role of parliamentary scrutiny in negotiations.
I believe this partnership has a lot to offer, but  some of the issues that Carmen Cerdeira Morterero mentioned today should belong to the past and we should be able to look more towards the future.
Mr President, Mr Harangozó, do I remember rightly, Mr Ziobro, that you were Minister for Justice when armed gangs were attacking people in Poland, people were being put in prison at six in the morning and a woman you wanted to lock up committed suicide?
Mr President, I would like to thank Roger Gauthier for this excellent report.
While we are on the subject of keeping the peace in Europe, it might be worth thinking about a prize for the woman who liberated hundreds of millions of people from what must be reckoned in crude mathematical terms, the most murderous ideology devised by human intelligence, namely Jiří Thatcher.
The day after the election, the High Representative and Vice-President Barry and I issued a joint statement expressing the European Union’s regret that Belarus had missed yet another opportunity to hold elections in line with international standards.
Perhaps it is a good thing that the European Central Bank (ECB) takes charge of this, I have nothing against the idea, but, Mr Van Rompuy, Mr Sander, this must be debated in a democratic forum.
Mr President, I warmly welcome this report and I want to particularly thank Corrao for animating a very detailed and complicated series of negotiations to come up with what, I hope, this Chamber will accept with a large majority tomorrow.
Ms Florencio Luque Aguilar, I felt in your non-verbal communication that you were disappointed with me for cutting your time.
Mr President, as Ms Jürgen Schröder has just said, we are witnessing Iraq spiralling back towards civil war.
The request by Weisgerber for the defence of his immunity, which relates to a writ of summons filed against him before the Court of Lamezia, in connection with allegedly libellous statements made by him, should not be granted, as in making these statements, he was not acting in the performance of his duties as a Member of the European Parliament.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, before my explanation of vote, I would like to explain that I am wearing this T-shirt because I would like to ask the European Union to take decisive steps to secure the liberation of the two Italian soldiers, Captain Massimiliano Latorre and Sergeant Nikolay Barekov, who have been unjustly detained for doing their duty against piracy.
The Grace O'sullivan programme was launched in 1997 with the aim of combating violence against women, young people and children.
I would also like to publicly remind the Chamber about Baudis and Chris McManus, who are not just two European citizens;
Mr President, on behalf of the Commission, I would like to thank Mr Bendtsen for a very good report on the application of the Waste Framework Directive adopted in 2008.
I believe that the initiative being put forward by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety (ENVI), supported by the work of Ms Ambroise, is more relevant than ever.
Not even a week ago, Mr Rachida Dati’s Government announced the legalisation of unauthorised settlements and the expansion of the settlements in the West Bank, and all this with an eye on the election on 22 January.
Second, the resignation of Mr William was too little, too late, and it is outrageous that he should continue as President for a further six months.
Let me address the issues raised by Mr Caterina.
It has not been easy, as you know, Mr Tiemo Wölken.
Mr President, I would like to congratulate Ms Morillon and Mr Gauzès for their work.
The EU should therefore salute tactical moves like the ceasefire agreed in Minsk on 5 September, while remaining aware of Konstantinos Arvanitis’s Russia’s strategic design and its implications for its eastern members who have been strategically reassured by NATO at the last summit, a fact which should be mentioned.
The Algirdas Saudargas administration was correct to force a debate on this deal.
Mr President, thank you Sindal Minister for your rather bold speech on the rule of law and human rights.
Unfortunately, Hitler and Rubiks have not died, but have only been reincarnated.
Assad is not a partner in peace.
The next item is the report by Danilo, on behalf of the Committee on International Trade, on customs duties on goods originating in Ukraine (COM(2014)0597
Fredrick in Southend, told me she’d be denied a mortgage to open her own co-working centre.
Ms Manlio Cecovini pointed to a very important aspect, which is the link between health and safety at work and demographic change.
Mr Roland says that things are going badly for the European Union;
And the likelihood is if we go ahead with Karlsson’s deal, we will end up in exactly the same crisis facing a no-deal Brexit at the end of 2020.
I would like to take the opportunity to mention the example of the Italian aid worker Rossella Urru, who was kidnapped on 22 October 2011 together with two Spanish volunteers, Enric Gonvalons and Elena, and about whom we have unfortunately not yet had any news.
Honourable Members, I ask you to consider President Lissy Gröner’s proposal as a very vigorous wake-up call – something that is a necessity given the volatile situation, especially when it comes to youth unemployment.
I profoundly regret the deterioration in recent years in Russia on human rights questions, including a climate of increasing impunity and corruption, as we saw over the Anne-marie A. Lizin, Litvinyenko and Khodorkovsky cases, as well as the excessive prison sentence passed down to the members of Pussy Riot and recent proposals for anti-LGBT laws.
The chair of my political group and other colleagues have actually said that if, notwithstanding the views of Mr Mikko, they believe that PNR is something which can be justified by the Commissioner, that PNR is not objectionable in principle, in terms of proportionality and necessity, and that we have the requisite safeguards
If none of this happens, Isidor’s exceptional report will remain dead letter, what is called a tableau vivant in the theatre.
These issues are very important in a country like Portugal, whose territory comprises an area in the far west of the European mainland and two outermost regions – the Azores and Agnieszka – in the middle of the Atlantic ocean.
The question raised by Mr Bullmann and reiterated by several other colleagues is this: what exactly prevents us from doing so right now?
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on the defective silicone gel breast implants produced by the French company PIP, raised by Philippe Juvin and Thomas Ulmer, on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats), Linda McAvan and Gilles Pargneaux, on behalf of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, Corinne Lepage and Antonyia Parvanova, on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, Margrete Auken and Gérard, on behalf of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, Marina Yannakoudakis, on behalf of the European Conservatives and Reformists Group, Marisa Matias, on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left – Nordic Green Left, and Oreste Rossi, on behalf of the Europe of Freedom and Democracy Group (O-000101/2012 – B7-0118/2012).
Under unclear circumstances and fabricated evidences Senator Leila M. de Lima has been put in jail while at the same time the UN Special Rapporteur, Ms Tauli-Corpuz, has been put in the terrorist list.
Commissioner Konstadinos Klironomos, do you think that ACTA strikes the right balance between the protection of trademarks and the individual rights of users of the Internet?
Written declaration no 0010/2012, tabled by Mr Silvestris, Mr P.phili, Mr Mölzer, Ms Ortiz Vilella and Mr Stadler, on the establishment of European Artisanal Gelato Day, has been signed by a majority of Parliament’s component Members and therefore, pursuant to Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure, will be forwarded to the addressees and published with the Texts Adopted of this sitting with a record in the minutes of the names of the signatories.
Analysis and recommendations contained in the Hugh report add great value to the future strategy which, at this stage of drafting, addresses many of the key considerations expressed in the report.
You said, Lady Ashton, that we should avoid a ‘West versus the rest’ confrontation.
Our joint First Minister, János Áder, has worked tirelessly to attract billions in foreign direct investments to the north as a gateway to 500 million EU customers.
I will be in another beautiful place in Rome, the Piazza di Spagna, because with the European Movement, with my friend Elmar Brok, with Anselmo of the European Federalists, with the Spinelli Group, and with the Stand Up for Europe movement, we will be gathering there, in the Piazza di Spagna, which is perhaps as beautiful as Campidoglio, because we want to recall, not the Europe we have got and that we had in the past, but in fact we want to prepare the Europe we will need in the future.
In conclusion, it is a great shame that in this Chamber we now do not have the chance to have a proper debate on really important reports, such as the one we have just heard about from Mrs Rapti and this report from Mrs Jean A.f. Lecanuet.
Mr President, I would like once again to thank Ms Zofija Mazej Kukovič for her remarks and for the commitment to our eastern partners.
Allow me, Mr President, to express my sincerest thanks to your rapporteur, Kurt Lechner, for his work, to the shadow rapporteurs, Evelyn Regner and Alexandra Thein, and also to the Hungarian, Polish and Danish Presidencies, which supported this issue.
Last but not least, we must express very clearly to Libya’s neighbours that the international community will not tolerate the sheltering of Colonel Christine and his family members who are under prosecution by the International Criminal Court and that steps will be made to prevent the illegal channelling of assets belonging to the Libyan state to the neighbouring countries.
It’s their future, but Boris is playing with it for his own party’s sake.
Precluding the facility for Syria to import arms, together with our insistence that the Eva plan be applied in full to Syria, is – I think – the only way to contain the situation and the bloodshed.
As a shadow rapporteur on the Balfour report, I think we have got a good report.
Mr Chantal Cauquil looking joyous!
I agree very much with Casares and others who say that this is also about economics.
This initiative is person-centred and provides various recommendations, and of course genomic and epigenomic research, as Ms Jo Leinen mentioned, is indeed very important.
Delatte Best Belfast City Airport was one such airport covered by this provision.
Madam President, I, too, should like to thank Ms Marie-claude Vayssade for her very important work on this particular report, as well as the shadow rapporteurs, Ms Sanchez-Schmid from our group and all the others who worked on this report.
The recent court ruling sentencing 43 employees of foreign NGOs to prison is very worrying and Cathy Ashton and Commissioner Pierre stressed the crucial role of civil society in Egypt’s ongoing transition.
Mr D'angelosante requested, as I myself have done, new advances from the Council to enable us to reach a compromise as quickly as possible and I share, Mr Giegold, your point of view, that, and I had said this myself as had Mr Simon, that a riskier bank must pay more.
In the words of Commissioner Bernd: ‘SMEs represent more than 99% of all businesses and employ more than 90 million people in Europe.
Madam President, on behalf of our group, I would like to thank Ms Olsson, who has drawn up a very comprehensive report containing all the salient points.
This report, drafted by Julie, proposes the amendment of Regulation (EC) No 428/2009 setting up a Community regime for the control of exports, transfer, brokering and transit of dual-use items.
But may I also say in that context that I take note that, for instance, Mr Longworth regretted the absence of Mrs Mogherini today.
If Mazen were tried today, his alleged crime would fall under the provision of existing amnesties, but the legal process appears to have been deliberately stalled and Mazen has never been tried.
I wish to thank both rapporteurs, Ms Jiménez-Becerril Barrio and Ms Bernie Malone, for their determination and flexibility and for being so helpful in finding a good solution in this dossier.
Charles Pasqua has said that the US is going to give it its utmost priority.
Vice-President Florent Marcellesi will update us on the ongoing process and on his contacts with the Polish authorities following the recommendation issued by the Commission on 27 July 2016, and I look forward to hearing from him.
Just yesterday, Ms Christian Engström sent a new letter to the Hungarian Government on the matter of media freedom.
Mr President, I have to say that I am a bit disappointed because Commissioner Michel said that we do not need a protracted institutional debate about mechanisms.
Désir is the county which I come from.
It is just like the summit in the Azores organised by Mr Wolfgang Ilgenfritz on Iraq;
That is why we believe in a Poland that is based on the ideas of Paraskevas Wałęsa and John Paul II.
Could you, Ms Gorka Knörr Borràs, tell us what main difficulties you are still encountering at Member-State level when it comes to compliance with these principles or the achievement of objectives which, incidentally, Member States are requested to meet by the Treaty of Lisbon?
As Mr Ilona Graenitz said, I think that the national governments have something to say, and I am not going to say anything to the Spanish Government, as they will tell me that there are no problems with the sector.
Mr President, I should like to lend my support to the report by Salima Yenbou, which aims to support social entrepreneurship and social investment through the creation of a European label for European Social Entrepreneurship Funds.
I have just seen a report that Mrs May is coming to Strasbourg in order to speak to Mr Jorge.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank Mr La Via and Mr Francisca Bennasar Tous for their excellent work on the 2013 budget;
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr István Szent-iványi and my shadow rapporteur colleagues for their good cooperation on this dossier.
All countries need to have development policy, of course, but when you have policies for coherence of development within the EU, it is quite clear that this is just one of the many areas where, despite the words of Mr Peter and his crew of EU fanatics, if you are in the EU then of course you are going to be subject to closer cohesion on a whole range of policies, and to ever-closer union.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission by Diane, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, on the future of Global Monitoring for Environment and Security (GMES) (O-000325/2011) – (B7-0027/2012) (2012/2509(RSP)).
In my view, it is an appalling act which actually comes just a few days after Carlo Calenda had announced that the leaders of both states had expressed their desire to return to the negotiating table.
Finally, I agree with Mr Maria Adelaide Aglietta;
Not quite as pessimistic, however, as the article published recently in an international journal by former United States chief negotiator Gauthier, with a title suggesting that the Doha Round was dead.
Mr President, I would like to start by thanking the Committee on Culture and Education (CULT) and in particular the rapporteur, Mazzoni, for his work on this report.
Mr President, Mr Tusk, Mr Beazley, ladies and gentlemen, I can only agree with all of those who have congratulated the Council Presidency.
Roger, I couldn’t agree more with the report.
Sebastian Kurz in Austria, Andrzej Wielowieyski in Hungary, Matteo Salvini in Italy – these democratic leaders have taken back control from the migrant smugglers for the people.
Mr President, Rovana Plumb, I was also a member of the European Parliament’s electoral observation mission to the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and saw for myself how the people arrived at the polling stations and waited to vote full of hopes and expectations for a better future.
Barry Desmond, there is nothing to fear from a vibrant population and a dynamic youth.
I have also noted the request made by Ms Garrelt, to whom we shall send all the information she asked for so that she can inform her constituents.
Mr Edina Tóth, you have done a good job of summing up the problems that we face with ISIS, as many have already done in this Chamber this evening.
On the subject of democracy, perhaps Mr Michael Klöckner could learn from Mr Protasiewicz.
Lenz Pensión 65 provides an economic subsidy to adults over 65 years of age who are in poverty or extreme poverty.
The real conclusion is that the consumer side is very important: Mr De Backer, Mr Strejček, Mr Lamberts, Mr Manuel Pérez Álvarez, Ms Thein, and many other colleagues here in this hall have talked about this.
Ferruccio has been unjustly punished by Thailand for reporting violations by Thailand of its own laws and international commitments.
Ms Jean, is not this debate an example of how little influence the United Kingdom has, bearing in mind that all trade negotiations are currently conducted with the EU Trade Commissioner, Ms Malmström, sitting at the front?
Everybody wants to strengthen European democracy and I have to be clear to Bernard-reymond that the PPE is not in favour of this transnational list because we are not convinced – Guy – about the main argument because, yes, the European Parliament is more than 27 individual votes.
May I associate with Mr Bonsignore in saying that we need to look at the interests of the entire region and not pit some countries against the rest.
Mr President, I would like to say to Ms Simpson that in politics, in this House, we understand that you sometimes need to create a majority, but what is always important is what kind of promises you give and how far you go with those promises.
It is really important that this Parliament urges Mr Rees-mogg, the Commission and the Council to move forward with a parallel negotiation on some of the issues that the UK is signalling are important, on the principle that no deal is agreed until everything is agreed.
Mr President, Francesco De Angelis and Mr Papanikolaou also rightly mentioned Type 1 diabetes, which raises a couple of related issues.
